{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-prague-agenda-topics/1308",
            "title": "Council of Prague Agenda Topics ",
            "index": 1308,
            "category": [
                "Happenings"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "council-of-prague"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/aogunwole",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "6",
                    "time": "11/09/2018-15:11:34",
                    "content": "Following on from the volunteer call and an informal discussion with @fubuloubu, I\u2019m gathering some proposed ideas for agenda items. A more formal request for ideas will also follow once we have the final list of registrants. Note - we are also still open to running another \u201cunconference\u201d style agenda. Please add thoughts on this approach if you think this would be a better use of the time in Prague. I\u2019ve also added edits to the agenda wiki on Github but wanted to also have a space for more discussion/dialogue on what people want to cover. As a refresher from Boris\u2019 original post, here are the important links for Council of Prague:  Website: https://ethereumevents.global/events/2018-council-of-prague/   Registration: https://www.picatic.com/ethmagicians-prague-2018   Wiki Agenda: https://github.com/ethereum-magicians/scrolls/wiki/Council-of-Prague-Agenda    Sunday 28 October  Status Hackathon with overlap for EIP and FEM related technical work Proposed FEM member discussion on EIP0 and governance structure for project management of EIP process - see current thread #EIP0: Ethereum \"Project Management\" Governance   Monday 29 October  Review FEM Core Values/Mission with all attendees Lightning Talks: Similar framework as Council of Berlin, 10 - 15 min presentations on related technical topics FEM Event Schedule: Planning for future FEM in person or virtual meetings and how to distribute them across geographies for equitable magician attendance Ring formation and breakout sessions: Established rings and proposed rings can meet to discuss and work on current EIPs. Goal will be prioritization and coordination around each rings focus EIPs as well as planned next steps. This would NOT encompass any planned presentation or \u201cfindings\u201d post breakout session. @ChainSafe has already started a great document for ring formation and attendance. Please fill in details for any rings that have currently formed and need to be formed and if you would like to be a part of these rings: Pre Council Call For Rings   Feedback is much appreciated and requested! ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://www.picatic.com/ethmagicians-prague-2018",
                        "https://github.com/ethereum-magicians/scrolls/wiki/Council-of-Prague-Agenda",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eip0-ethereum-project-management-governance/634",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/pre-council-call-for-rings/1289",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-1400-security-token-standard/1314/8"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.83125
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "11/09/2018-17:25:46",
                    "content": "Thanks @aogunwole \u2013 this is a great start, thank you! We need to sync with the Status folks on a plan for the 28th. The hackathon will be wrapping up and presenting, so other than watching the final presentations, meeting people and melding into the after party, I don\u2019t know that we\u2019ll have much in the way of formal meeting time. And get a space plan! I am assuming this time we have one big main area, and then at least two other side spaces. Also: use whatever works best for you! HackMD is more fluid for editing, a spreadsheet is going to be easiest to actually build the grid, and so on. And: next volunteer meeting \u2013 why don\u2019t we talk about this live ! I\u2019ve kept the Volunteer Notes link the same: https://hackmd.io/ynZd1XlHQQeXfV8mottt6g Google Meet https://meet.google.com/ain-fcig-dkm, making it for Thursday as I have a conflict tomorrow, and then will plan out the following meetings for the rest of our time, I think. I\u2019ll post this in the #fellowship-gatherings:council-volunteers as a separate item too. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://meet.google.com/ain-fcig-dkm"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.805035650623886
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/pet3rpan",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "11/09/2018-18:50:46",
                    "content": "The 12th of september is wednesday, not thurs? thursday is 13th i even made sure that i wasnt being stupid  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "11/09/2018-18:56:25",
                    "content": "Haha. Sorry! Thursday morning! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 3.546875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/aogunwole",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "13/09/2018-15:09:01",
                    "content": "I\u2019m trying to join this call but can\u2019t for some reason. Is there a phone number to dial in? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "13/09/2018-15:24:51",
                    "content": "oh no! Sorry @aogunwole  \u2013 I\u2019ll stay on the line here working https://meet.google.com/ain-fcig-dkm \u2013 try again? Sometimes I need to press a button to \u201clet people in\u201d which isn\u2019t ideal. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "7",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "21/09/2018-19:36:14",
                    "content": "@aogunwole as far as I can tell, I think  the Call for Rings is essentially our \u201cagenda\u201d scratch pad document. Maybe easiest to continue the momentum and use that as the singular place to promote, and use this space for meta discussion. I edited the top lightly to point people in good directions. Link https://hackmd.io/DaJhrasLQteUk3IwX5bQAg# ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.699999999999999
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/aogunwole",
                    "index": "8",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/09/2018-09:12:42",
                    "content": "Makes sense @boris. I\u2019ll also put together a time line spreadsheet for the actual logistics of the agenda ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/chisel",
                    "index": "9",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "28/09/2018-10:03:59",
                    "content": "I felt this might be the best place for continuation of said \u201cmeta-discussion\u201d\u2013 @tomislavmamic and I had a great little call yesterday, where we caught up regarding our experience and expectations. We agreed that a great next step might be getting the \u201cRing Wranglers\u201d @ChainSafe @noot and any of the leads on existing Rings who seem to have a strong vision for what these sessions might look like, structurally and in terms of outcomes, onto a call. Maybe after the coming week\u2019s volunteer call, we can have a quick followup with a handful of inspired parties to better flesh out what sorts of resources we can put into place for the beginnings of Meta-Magical organization (as per @boris highlighting W3C structure here Taking inspiration from W3C) Rather than attempting to \u201creign in\u201d or proscribe what these sessions look like, I see this as an opportunity to prepare some basic templating and resources for those who might have a strong idea of what they want to talk about, but have no idea how to go about having a productive working session on that. Essentially by seeing who\u2019s excited to have this convo, and what their expectations might be, we can start to flesh out some core tools here. @boris if you think it will fit into the main volunteers call we can indeed shoehorn, I just thought it might be good as a \u201cbreakout group\u201d so to speak. Thoughts welcome! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.110677083333333
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/aogunwole",
                    "index": "10",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "28/09/2018-12:57:34",
                    "content": "@chisel Love love love this approach and the updates on the outcomes and topics added to the HackMD! I just updated the one for the education ring to make it more clear for the structure of the ring and what we plan to discuss for Council of Prague. I completely agree, having a call with the ring leaders would be fantastic (if we can pull it off) to help set how these sessions can be run and what resources are needed. We should also start thinking of what form these end results can take as well i.e. after the Council of Berlin, most of the end results were notes in the Discourse Forum and some Github updates. Will this be what the ring leaders want from these discussions? Is there anything else/anywhere else people may want to share these follow ups? Does it need to be created? I have no answers for any of this but thought it might be interesting to address on the call with Ring Leaders ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.069444444444445
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/chisel",
                    "index": "11",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "03/10/2018-00:10:11",
                    "content": "@aogunwole after taking over the absolute madness that is devcon-scholarship-logistics, my available time this week got flattened down significantly - apologies for dropping the thread. i\u2019m thinking since this is a pretty complex decision we face \u2013 \u201cwhat do ring processes/outcomes look like?\u201d \u201cwhat do we want for follow ups?\u201d we should indeed set up a dedicated call for interested Ringleaders, myself and @tomislavmamic, and of course you, @boris and other key Magicians if you\u2019re available to join. I\u2019ve added it to tomorrow\u2019s meeting agenda-- I can do a quick summary of the intentions of said call, we can see who\u2019s interested, and I can follow up with those who expressed interest to schedule it. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.782407407407407
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "12",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "03/10/2018-07:29:53",
                    "content": "It would make sense for us to have a call with just couple of ring leaders. What we want to create is a list of potential outputs and outcomes which they can then pull from, adjust to their rings and use as a starting ground for their gatherings. For this we don\u2019t need many ring leaders right now. It was my impression from Berlin Council that not having some commonly understood predefined outcomes and outputs increases the variance of the whole discussion and makes little progress in any goal other than learning. I think some rings might want to progress beyond learning and start moving forward some structured initiatives. For the format, we could have it as templates on Github/GoogleDocs for them to use. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.233258928571428
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "13",
                    "likes": "3",
                    "time": "06/10/2018-12:48:31",
                    "content": "Here is an early draft for Ring definitions/outcomes/outputs.    HackMD    FEM Ring Maker Toolkit - HackMD # FEM Ring Maker Toolkit  Agenda link https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xD27SWjoCl7zaxSG6TMRS3      Please contribute! @chisel @boris @AdeolaOST ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://hackmd.io/s/SkamYQ85X"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.625
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/chisel",
                    "index": "14",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "08/10/2018-20:44:15",
                    "content": "This is a magnificent starting point @tomislavmamic, thanks! I have a deadline I\u2019ve been working towards which ends in about 7 hours, then I\u2019ll have some time to roll up my sleeves Magicians style  I\u2019m thinking the next step on my end, besides polling for availability for the call, will be fleshing out the points you\u2019ve highlighted here with more human-readable questions for the Ring Leaders to refer to in template format. I\u2019ve got a great foundation to build on thanks to your work here! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "15",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "13/10/2018-07:53:16",
                    "content": "Hey @chisel, how about next Thursday or Friday for a call with ring leaders? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/chisel",
                    "index": "16",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "17/10/2018-23:22:51",
                    "content": "Oh boy oh boy Discourse notifications just don\u2019t work for me at all @tomislavmamic, apologies. I\u2019m seeing Boris tomorrow in person and will note down who he thinks we should invite to this. Then I\u2019ll create a doodle poll for what call timing works for people. If weekend isn\u2019t too unpalatable for everyone, I\u2019m pretty slammed through my working days until I fly out next week, but I\u2019ll make whatever\u2019s needed work. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.118055555555556
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "17",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/10/2018-06:54:38",
                    "content": "I can do weekend, let\u2019s do it.  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "18",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-09:01:05",
                    "content": "Hello, @aogunwole Is this Agenda up to date? Looks like there will be an Architects Gathering even a small one. So is there any schedule to place it in or everything is ad-hoc & flexible? Another question: will be any FEM actions after 29.10? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 3.75
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "19",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-13:16:54",
                    "content": "@Ethernian can you please edit the call for Rings to be 15 or similar? The 13a stuff is confusing. Yes we can put it into the schedule. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.25
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "20",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-14:42:06",
                    "content": "@boris, I have changed the number to 15 as you requested. @apitkevich, who is the biggest drivers behind Ring of EAs is arriving to Prague on 29.10. It would be great to schedule the Meeting for Ring of EAs to 30.11 if there are any possibility at all. Otherwise it should be the latest time frame possible on 29.10.2018. Thank you! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.125
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "21",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-14:59:54",
                    "content": "There is nothing on the 30th - although you can of course self organize. I will put 15 into the last slot. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/apitkevich",
                    "index": "22",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-21:43:05",
                    "content": "Boris, what is the timing for the last slot of 29th? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "23",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/10/2018-22:59:37",
                    "content": "3:30pm to 5pm, and then ring wrap up & closing from 5pm to 7pm. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/benjaminbollen",
                    "index": "24",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "25/10/2018-14:34:18",
                    "content": "Hi all, with Council approaching, what is the best way to start gearing up? Among others I still have a major interest in the Wallet/UX ring. Should we pre-Council collect ideas around in the forms like https://hackmd.io/SbmAon0cRlmv464BwMw_sw ? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.770833333333334
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "25",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "25/10/2018-20:44:12",
                    "content": "Hi Benjamin! Yes! We\u2019ll send a final email out tomorrow to all participants with links. And yes \u2014 the individual rings and more details is where you should put notes on anything you are interested in. The timing / agenda will also go up tomorrow to show what rings will happen when. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.9375
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "26",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "25/10/2018-21:55:38",
                    "content": "    benjaminbollen:  https://hackmd.io/SbmAon0cRlmv464BwMw_sw   This template is there for this purpose! @benjaminbollen ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "371"
}