{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/how-to-run-a-working-group-event/318",
            "title": "How to Run a Working Group Event ",
            "index": 318,
            "category": [
                "Working Groups"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "NONE"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "5",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-02:23:54",
                    "content": "This is a wiki page to gather lessons learned and best practices on running a working group event around an Ethereum topic. Please do add / edit, especially in areas marked as TO DO, especially links to external resources or other recaps from similar events. Please do not use this as a place to announce events What is a Working Group Event? A Working Group Event is an in person meeting to gather together interested parties and knowledgeable people around a particular topic. The goal is to get a small number of people who are \u201cdoing the work\u201d together to discuss shared issues in person, share insights, and move forward. A Working Group is not:  a small conference a completely open event a place for marketing  Announcing Once you have commitment that the event is going to happen (venue booked, several people have committed to coming) post on this forum to announce. Include the process for attending (e.g. fill out this form, tell us what you want to learn, tell us what you have to share, etc.). Typically a working group is 20 - 60 people. It\u2019s a small group working on a single problem or topic, or at least ones that are very closely related. Everyone is someone who \u201cdoes the work\u201d and is an active participant. Annoyed that you can\u2019t attend? No problem! Organize your own Working Group, recruit some participants, and do it in your local area. Location / Venue There are many places that you can book private meetings at, including hotels. Having the meeting location adjacent to a hotel for people who are coming in from out of town is good. Must have:  tables & chairs power outlets wifi projector  Nice to have:  video capture live stream  Note: generally a working group should be small enough that you don\u2019t need a microphone / audio amplification, other than if you are live streaming or doing video capture. Sessions & Agenda Start the day with everyone introducing themselves and their affiliated company / project, their presentation if they are giving, and anything they hope to get out of the Working Group. A Working Group shouldn\u2019t just be a full day of presentations. You may have some presentations, but ideally that should then move into extended Q&A and discussion. Depending on attendance, you can also go full unconference / open space \u2013 have a rough high level topic to discuss, see if people have things they want to talk about ahead of time, and then plan the day on the day of. You can do \u201cmulti-track\u201d where people break off into smaller groups and separate meeting spaces. Make sure each group \u201charvests\u201d their learnings, and bring everyone back together to share some notable outcomes and resources that came out of the break out sessions. There will be people that want to have sidebar conversations. Make sure there is room for this so that the main sessions aren\u2019t distracted by the noise from private conversations. Facilitation Various facilitated sessions like voting / prioritizing, brain storming, card sorting exercises, or other group exercises are encouraged. Examples:  Fishbowl Conversations https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fishbowl_(conversation)  Open Space (unconference / BarCamp) http://openspaceworld.org/wp2/  World Cafe http://www.theworldcafe.com/key-concepts-resources/world-cafe-method/   Materials and Supplies Name tags: basic stick on name tags so everyone knows each other. Paper: paper & pens for note taking and sketching Stickies: sticky notes from small to large if you are going to do Projector: with lots of dongles / adapters available Logistics People traveling from some areas of the world to the location may need visas. There will need to be a formal corporate entity that takes responsibility for issuing invitation letters and other paperwork. Basic signage out front of venue or entrance, or someone there to let people in Signs or clear guidance on where washrooms are. Print out an agenda with clear times, placed both in any \u201cmain room\u201d as well as in the sidebar / mingling space. Expenses & Sponsorship These are working sessions. Everyone should be comfortable and secure, but think office, whiteboards, basic meals. Sponsorship is encouraged to help cover costs, and can cover a number of different items:  event management venue food live streaming, plus video capture / editing bursaries for travel costs  Sponsorship can also be in-kind (\u201cwe provided our office\u201d, \u201cwe paid person X to do the organizing & event management\u201d). Having your company pay travel costs for you to attend should not be considered a sponsorship. Sponsors might also want to support an evening (eg attendees dinner) or adjacent broader community event. It is appropriate:  for sponsors to say a few words at the beginning and/or end of the day for sponsors to be thanked and acknowledge by name / logo / links in various materials  Side Events A Working Group can be scheduled alongside a larger conference where a number of people are attending in any case. You can reach out to the conference and see if they have set aside space / time for BoF (Birds of a Feather) for even smaller, ad hoc gatherings. Usually it\u2019s best to have a space more dedicated to working groups, especially if code, design, or group facilitations are being done.  Frequently Asked Questions These are starter FAQs. The EIP0 discussion could be considered a working group as well, although on much broader topics that people feel philosophical about, rather than getting UX / code working. Feel free to edit these bits, or maybe it should be deleted and we can debate in the comments? Frankly, anyone that wants to organize an event can and should set their own rules. Why can\u2019t everyone that wants come? The goal of a Working Group is to move forward on issues with the people that \u201cdo the work\u201d. Conferences or meetups which have presentations \u2013 with one presenter and many listeners in the audience \u2013 works for larger, more passive audiences. Cost and physical space constraints are another issue. Event management and organizing is a lot of work already, and it ramps up dramatically above a certain number of attendees. Who gets to decide who comes? Whoever organizes the Working Group. Resources Please add links to resources here  XOXO Inclusion & Code of Conduct https://2018.xoxofest.com/inclusion   Recaps Working Group session notes that have been completed   Web3 UX, May 6, 2018, Toronto - side event to EDCON 2018  TO DO These are likely to be separate Working Group / event template threads.  Make a badge design template for conferences (not really a Working Group item) Make a Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) template (for conferences, not really a Working Group item) Make a Sprint template (for local / regional areas to work on core code / core projects together \u2013 are any Ethereum projects encouraging this yet?) What\u2019s the process for announcing Working Groups? How do we do this in an open way while still having curation of people who can \u201cdo the work\u201d in the room? Diversity \u2013 how do we bring in people who can\u2019t afford to travel? How do we make sure we have diverse participants?  ",
                    "links": [
                        "http://openspaceworld.org/wp2/",
                        "http://www.theworldcafe.com/key-concepts-resources/world-cafe-method/",
                        "https://2018.xoxofest.com/inclusion",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/thoughts-and-findings-from-the-web3-uxunconf/311",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/berlin-council-planning-wiki-feedback/325"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.653599661208357
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-02:32:39",
                    "content": "OK, I initially included this in the body of the post, but it makes more sense as a reply, since it\u2019s very much my personal experience. Background: I started contributing to the Drupal project in 2003 (CSS edits!), held the first meeting with Dries in Vancouver in 2004, was a Founding Director of the Drupal Association, and helped to organize / run the first several years of DrupalCons. Back then, open source was fighting for its life, all of this was new, and we didn\u2019t have programmable money to power bounties. There are a bunch of other interesting aspects around DrupalOrg, the Drupal Association, and Dries the community lead that may be relevant \u2013 but mostly not, because we are actively trying to decentralize and let disparate activities lead to good outcomes for the broader Ethereum community. I also attended the Ethereum Web3 UX working group that just completed, and think that we can scale these events by helping create templates and models for organizing them (and funding them, which is a separate issue \u2013 we need to build in sustainability of both peoples\u2019 energy and compensate everyone fairly).  The very first DrupalCon was a part of FOSDEM, with a shoulder event that was titled a Drupal Developer Sprint. 27 people attended. It was multi-track, but mainly long working sessions hashing out different approaches to model code and implementation. The notes from that first event even outlines working groups \u2014 with a shout out to \u201cself-hosted digital identity solutions\u201d and a meta discussion on software upgrades to DrupalOrg to help with collaboration. Oh yeah, and I led a session on \u201cBusiness in Drupal\u201d, talked about reverse bounties (where developers write a spec they want to build, rather than end users bounty-ing a feature) AND \u2026 wrote up a summary. Eventually, DrupalCons became quite large, so the Drupal community came up with \u201ccamp\u201d as a complement to big annual DrupalCon events, sometimes also known as \u201cregional summits\u201d that tends to be smaller and more regionally focused. Here\u2019s a page on organizing DrupalCamps. The Ethereum community being decentralized should also have a sort of template for these types of smaller / regional events to help people succeed. Being decentralized, there is no one to give or deny permission for anyone running these, although we should think of a \u201ccode of conduct\u201d and transparency \u2013 eg. for-profit or non-profit?, transparency on whether presentations are pay-to-play or have an open speaker submissions, availability of bursaries and other commitment to diversity, etc. etc. Are there any rules around the use of the Ethereum logo? Today Sprints still exist, which tend to be focused on a particular area of core, modules, or themed, like getting new contributors onboarded, or reviewing the issue queue, or writing documentation. That Sprints link has a bunch of sub pages with tips on organizing that we should review. In practice, many of these sprints happen at Drupal conferences where many core contributors are already attending, although there have also been separate, dedicated sprints around certain working group items. Finally, many conferences set aside time and space for BoFs \u2013 Birds of a Feather. This is another thing we can create a template for. This means that interested groups can arrange to come to an event and have space set aside them to talk about a particular topic, which might range from \u201cLet\u2019s meet in Classroom 2 at 4pm to talk about ticketing on the blockchain\u201d to mini working groups or multiple presentations. Dries Buytaert, the Drupal project lead, publishes stats on community contributions. The 2016 - 2017 edition included a very pointed look at the Bitcoin and Ethereum communities and their \u201ccore\u201d. Useful reading for a number of ideas. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://www.drupal.org/developer-sprint-antwerp-2005",
                        "https://www.drupal.org/node/18270",
                        "https://www.drupal.org/node/18085",
                        "https://www.drupal.org/node/247972",
                        "https://www.drupal.org/sprints",
                        "https://dri.es/who-sponsors-drupal-development-2017"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.934537337662338
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-02:33:05",
                    "content": "@jpitts can I get a wiki blessing on this page, too? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-03:24:40",
                    "content": "Thanks for posting this HOWTO and your experiences in the Drupal community, @boris . A lot of this can feed into our planned Berlin Council in July. This will be an opportunity to further define the process for WGs and to find which ones have strong support, in person. Also, the Devcon4 planning going on at the Ethereum Foundation can benefit from a \u201cbirds of a feather\u201d template! The first post has been wiki-ized  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.239583333333334
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-03:45:48",
                    "content": "Great. I\u2019ll actually be in Berlin in July. This is the the topic I should monitor? I also had several people suggest a Security for Smart Contracts WG in Berlin in July. Would it be appropriate to have that as a side event to the Council? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.514285714285714
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/05/2018-04:50:22",
                    "content": "I\u2019m going to add this link here as a reference, on how in-person events should be designed very differently in order to bolster online activity:    Medium \u2013 11 Apr 18    Moving beyond community engagement for online science collectives It\u2019s time to support the passion of the scientist Reading time: 7 min read       @jpitts @gcolvin this is the article I was mentioning. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://medium.com/@junanaguy/moving-beyond-community-engagement-for-online-science-collectives-fb5f01fbf06b"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/fubuloubu",
                    "index": "7",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "20/05/2018-20:45:58",
                    "content": "Thanks so much for this @boris! We will be sure to use this for the smart contract security one! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.522321428571428
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "808"
}