{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/thoughts-and-findings-from-the-web3-uxunconf/311",
            "title": "Thoughts and Findings from the Web3 UXUnconf ",
            "index": 311,
            "category": [
                "User Experience"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "NONE"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-20:19:31",
                    "content": "(Note: this post is in \u201cwiki mode\u201d and can be edited)  The Web3 UX Unconf was put together by Derek Chiang @derek of Thunder Token and Dan Tsui of Kyokan. The brief / working document was shared by them ahead of time and they reached out / recruited people ahead of time with a web form and direct intros. Many people heard about the event last minute while in Toronto and ended up attending. Please use this to collect links, notes, and other facts of interest. Have a lot of personal things to say? Write a forum post here or external article, and add the link to the Follow Up Posts section at the end.   Abstract from the brief Web3 is facing major UX challenges.  To list a few:  DApps are slow and expensive. Users are getting hacked, phished, and confused. Wallets and dapp browsers are struggling to support all the new sidechains, plasma, and state channels. Developers are overwhelmed by support requests.  Let\u2019s sit down and fix this.  We invite developers and designers of wallets, dapp browsers, and blockchains to join us.  The unconf consists of presentations and unstructured discussions. We hope that by having everyone in the same room, we will be able to have productive conversations and work on important issues together as a community, both during the unconf and afterwards.  Sponsors Derek & Dan and the sponsors should be thanked profusule. They rented the venue, provided catering for all meals, and had projectors and live streaming set up.  Stable Fund by L4 Ventures  https://stable.fund/  Kyokan  https://kyokan.io/  Thunder Token  https://www.thundertoken.com/  Attendees Cut / paste from the original Google Doc. Feel free to add links to your company or project, any other additional links and please do add yourself \u2013 and please include your local forum handle if you have an account!  Panashe Mahachi (L4) Dan Finlay (MetaMask) @ danfinlay Dan Tsui (Kyokan) Tom Creighton (Reactive Arts) Richard Burton (balance.io) @ ricburton Sid Coelho-Prabhu (Toshi / Coinbase) @ sid-toshi Stefan George (Gnosis) Martin Holst Swende (Ethereum Foundation) @ holiman (remote participant) C. Jordan Muir (Frame) @jordan (remote participant) Daniel Ternyak (MyCrypto) Viktor Radchenko (Trust Wallet) Fredrik Harrysson (Parity) Philip Lucsok (Parity) Andy Tudhope (status.im) @ andytudhope Jeremy Welch (Casa) Robin Clart (OmiseGO) Thibault Denizet (OmiseGO) Derek Chiang (Thunder Token) @ derek Alex Van de Sande (Ethereum Foundation) @ alexvandesande Luis Cuende (Aragon) Alex Komarov (Minimum Inc.) William Dias (modular.network) Ligi (Ethereum Foundation) @ ligi Mia Alexander (MyCrypto) Peter Jihoon Kim (Cipher) Will O\u2019Beirne (MyCrypto) Maciej Hirsz (Parity) Don Ho (Quantstamp) Danny Skubak (MyCrypto) Anna Rose (Zero Knowledge Podcast) Lane Rettig (CryptoNYC) @lrettig  Zac Morris (vault.io) Michael Sena (uPort) @ michaelsena Cassandra Shi (Ethereum Community Fund) Beltran Berrocal (independent + ENS) @lyricalpolymath  John Egan (vault.io) Daniel Bar (Tenzorum) Jonny Howle (uPort) @ jonnyhowle Yiseul Cho (Perceptra) Thomas Jay Rush (Quickblocks) @ tjayrush Ed Mazurek (Quickblocks) @wildmolasses  Niraj Pant (Polychain Capital) Philippe Castonguay (independent) @ PhABC Kelvin Fichter (OmiseGO) Kasima Tharnpipitchai (OmiseGO) Jack Huang (MyEtherWallet) Rouven Heck (uPort) @rouven  Boris Mann (Frontier Foundry) @boris  Bryant Eisenbach (DappDevs, SecurEth) @fubuloubu  add yourself!   Agenda cut / paste from brief, so won\u2019t be quite in sync with what actually happened. Edit away! Also please add links to your presentation or other links of interest, and ideally we can link in live stream video captures too 9:00 - Venue opens 9:20 - Opening remark 9:30 - Tom Creighton \u2013 UX lessons from successful startups 10:00 - Dan Finlay \u2013 MetaMask\u2019s new UI 10:30 - Daniel Ternyak \u2013 Tools and strategies MyCrypto has developed while revamping the wallet interface 11:00 - Richard Burton \u2013 WalletConnect: connect to web-based dapps from the phone 11:30 - Lunch 12:30 - Alex Van de Sande \u2013 Universal logins for Ethereum 13:00 - Philippe Castonguay + Panashe Mahachi \u2013 Smart Accounts 13:30 - Viktor Radchenko \u2013 What I learned from building Trust 14:00 - Sid Coelho-Prabhu \u2013 Toshi 14:30 - Andy Tudhope \u2013 Thoughts about UX at Status and what we have been up to 15:00 - Beltran Berrocal \u2013 Web3 Design Principles 15:30 - Lane Rettig \u2013 Towards an open data marketplace 16:00 - Martin Holst Swende \u2013 The new Ethereum signer 16:30 - Maciej Hirsz \u2013 Parity Signer 17:00 - C. Jordan Muir \u2013 Frame, a cross-platform Ethereum provider 17:30 - Dinner 18:30 - Michael Sena \u2013 Privacy Preserving User Identity Systems for Ethereum dApps 19:00 - Jeremy Welch \u2013 Casa/Multisig/Multilocation 19:30 - Luis \u2013 Radspec: a safe alternative to Ethereum\u2019s natspec to make transactions human-readable A dozen or so of us went along to @ricburton\u2019s Balance meetup at the Queen & Beaver Pub afterwards.  Social Media Bites Discourse will automatically expand individual tweets if there are ones you want to highlight \u2013 just paste in the link on its own line Thread Reader App version of Boris\u2019 live tweets from the event by @boris Tweet feeds: https://twitter.com/hashtag/web3uxunconf?f=tweets&vertical=default https://twitter.com/hashtag/uxunconf?f=tweets&vertical=default https://twitter.com/hashtag/walletconf?f=tweets&vertical=default   twitter.com    Luis Cuende (licuende)  #web3UXunconf was probably the first time that we got together as a community to focus on enhancing user experience. We didn't reach any conclusions, but at least we figured out that we don't know what the hell other projects are working on  8:18 AM - 7 May 2018     9            Lyricalpolymath: \u201cethereum is entering it\u2019s design era\u201d referencing Chris Remus\u2019s twitter poll    Follow Up Posts Have a blog / forum post or other long-form reflection on the event? Add the link here  awesome post recapping the event goes here  ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://stable.fund/",
                        "https://stable.fund/",
                        "https://www.dropbox.com/s/8vzxlclc8zczzs9/Screenshot%202018-05-08%2016.09.36.png?dl=0",
                        "https://kyokan.io/",
                        "https://www.thundertoken.com/",
                        "https://www.thundertoken.com/",
                        "http://balance.io",
                        "http://vault.io",
                        "http://twitter.com/lyricalpolymath",
                        "http://vault.io",
                        "https://frontierfoundry.co",
                        "https://queenandbeaverpub.ca/",
                        "https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/993122341763928064.html",
                        "https://twitter.com/hashtag/web3uxunconf?f=tweets&vertical=default",
                        "https://twitter.com/hashtag/uxunconf?f=tweets&vertical=default",
                        "https://twitter.com/hashtag/walletconf?f=tweets&vertical=default",
                        "https://twitter.com/licuende/status/993510293102825472",
                        "https://twitter.com/licuende/status/993510293102825472",
                        "https://twitter.com/licuende/status/993510293102825472",
                        "https://twitter.com/lyricalpolymath/status/993601869233643520",
                        "https://twitter.com/cjremus/status/992361229426544641",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/how-to-run-a-working-group-event/318/2",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/how-to-run-a-working-group-event/318"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.542274531024532
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/derek",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-20:35:57",
                    "content": "There are also: https://twitter.com/hashtag/uxunconf https://twitter.com/hashtag/walletconf (note to future self: mandate a hashtag) ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://twitter.com/hashtag/walletconf"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "3",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-21:35:33",
                    "content": "Here\u2019s an \u201cunrolled\u201d version of my tweetstorm that is a little more readable:    threadreaderapp.com    Thread by @bmann: \"Getting started with -- UX discussions around wallets and... Thread by @bmann: \"Getting started with -- UX discussions around wallets and crypto broadly. First up, @tomcreighton kicking off. Where does crypto? \"What is the UX of TCP/IP?\" My question: how do you think about d [\u2026]\" #walletconf #erc780 #erc1056...      Hey @jpitts can you please make your first post a Discourse \u201cwiki post\u201d? Then we can have one main doc that everyone can edit and add links to. I started drafting one, but realized I didn\u2019t have a trust level that would let me turn it into a wiki page. @derek yes! One of the things I\u2019m writing up in my \u201chow to organize a working group\u201d meeting. Thanks so much for organizing and kicking off this first one. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/993122341763928064.html"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.044270833333333
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-22:00:41",
                    "content": "Great idea, I just wiki-ized the initial post. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-22:01:14",
                    "content": "@derek, I added these to the initial post. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-23:39:45",
                    "content": "Perfect \u2013 I pasted in the brief and attendees and agenda and such and did some light editing. I wasn\u2019t able to link everyone\u2019s forum names here because it said I could only mention 10 people in a post. I added spaces to a couple just so I could save. Don\u2019t know if you have mod powers that can fix that. And on further thought, twitter handles probably useful as well. Please add yours! Now on to writing up a \u201cHow to run a working group\u201d ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.375
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/danfinlay",
                    "index": "7",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "08/05/2018-23:50:01",
                    "content": "Amazing event. My biggest takeaway: Transactions are just actions are just signatures. We need to make it easy to iterate on new signature types (each new network is a new key/signature type). Once we have agreed on protocols for rendering signature types, we can also iterate on how comprehensible we can get them, with tools like radspec etc. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.5353535353535355
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/ricburton",
                    "index": "8",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-18:53:59",
                    "content": "Transactions and Interaction are how we separate them. Can we get the videos of the talks? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/derek",
                    "index": "9",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "09/05/2018-20:06:58",
                    "content": "Someone from Kyokan is helping us upload them to YouTube.  I will post here once it\u2019s done. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/sdtsui",
                    "index": "10",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "10/05/2018-00:53:42",
                    "content": "Typing out some of my learnings + thoughts:   So many things around the topic of \u2018Transactions/Interactions/Actions/Signatures\u2019 that will be relevant to Kyokan\u2019s clients and I\u2019ve yet to have time to watch the talks.    Personally: Beltran\u2019s talk, Finlay\u2019s talk, Burton\u2019s talk, the EF presenters, and radspec stood out to me, in case anyone is looking for highlights.  Was also nice to learn more about Casa (their demo was sweet, not sure if anyone else tried). Also, Ric\u2019s comments on funding dynamics for early stage projects will influence how we roadmap/structure our own projects as well. Thanks for that.   As this was a bit of an experiement, we\u2019d love feedback on how it was run, attendees, how content was curated, etc.  If it\u2019s better for that to be private, please send DMs to Derek or myself.  As for me, I feel like there are two directions we could take it. One: open it up as a larger event to be inclusive of everyone who wanted to attend. We just didn\u2019t have space this time around. Two: contain it to a maximum of 30. Say, 12 teams with demonstrable progress + active work in the space, each bringing a maximum of two people: that could help us focus the discussions.   Ending earlier in the day and coordinating an official post-event meetup would have been cool \u2013 would have loved the opportunity to hang out more with @ricburton but we had to clean up and catch a flight.  Shorter talks, making more time for discussion might have been better.    If anyone is interested in helping facilitate future events, our ability to do more on this front is limited (Dan running Kyokan full-time, Derek as well for Thunder as it hires/grows/pushing things to prod).  Vision would be a coordinator who helps secure funding and plan the events (including post-event tasks like posting the videos).  With the funding, we could find 1-2 volunteers from the community to help run the event, these could even come from the participating teams.  Optimizing for \u2018easier to have productive conversations\u2019 about these topics. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.403911564625851
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "791"
}