{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/istanbul-eth1x-roadmap-planning-meeting-april-17th-18th-in-berlin/2899",
            "title": "Istanbul & ETH1x Roadmap Planning Meeting - April 17th & 18th in Berlin ",
            "index": 2899,
            "category": [
                "Working Groups",
                "Ethereum 1.x Ring"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "berlin",
                "istanbul",
                "meeting"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "6",
                    "time": "11/03/2019-18:48:54",
                    "content": "The discussion that started in January has resulted in a meeting being planned for April 17th & 18th in Berlin. The dates are confirmed so please feel free to book travel. There may be a reception on the evening of the 16th or other shoulder events, but nothing else is confirmed. The goals are:  discuss process & timing of Istanbul hardfork \u2013 EIP233 improvements, security, testing discuss various multi-hardfork plans such as state fees, eWASM, EVM evolution presentations from technical experts & EIP proposers for Istanbul client implementation scheduling and concerns  This is a technical meeting for CoreDevs, ETH1 client developers, EIP proposers, and other technical experts. Aside from being there in person, we will be setup to include some remote presenters. Presentations will be captured / livestreamed but not break out sessions. Will post notes after the fact, and run an AMA afterwards similar to the Feb 6th Webinar.  Anyone doing technical work as described above is welcome to attend. Please let us know that you\u2019re coming to plan for space and topics. Signup form: https://goo.gl/forms/AZv018Cgd2B3YzuZ2  Schedule The two day schedule is here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSZ8umEwLjA6pncgm1BQ5tkRb4Lw97LzyFvOx9zJZyE0z0yNIlY9dsVJ7_hogRq-6svKubFkELeXzHu/pubhtml?gid=977790192# All times in Central Europe Time (Berlin).  Topics will be updated with links to presentations / livestream as they become available Topics This is an initial list of topics and presenters. Presentations being made in order: April 17th Wednesday Day 1  State Rent - @AlexeyAkhunov - https://drive.google.com/open?id=1u7d-jLMdGkPYl0zf49b1CFKtqlln4ICO  EVM Evolution - @expede   EIP 615 Static Jumps and Subroutines - @expede @gcolvin (part of EVM Evolution discussion) Brooke\u2019s presentation https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_taRpfsEF-ofF0UpwKyGOH-ogPqxmpUD    EVM Invariants   EIP 1712 - Disallow deployment of unused opcodes - Immutability/invariant - @sorpaas    Consenus Testing - Dmitry cover\u2019s Retesteth https://drive.google.com/open?id=1w_I_9ny1c5bPEavBfy2QLk0OPOzGrM0q  Security Review - @tintinweb - https://drive.google.com/open?id=1EiIw2LIw2e98nLaR0VU94PJrpBj-ABo_  Large Scale System Testing - Zack Cole, White Block https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lrfJ-Z4lscnLHbUae11uPn8QaUpQjdH2  ETHv64 - Matt Halpern - https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-TuInhKVAbLs0s5L-Bk1e0x3aXlCYW2R   Red Queen Sync - sidebar discussion Day 2  eWASM - @axic @lrettig  Precompiles - meta discussion on including more pre-compiles for crypto primitives and ETH2 support - @axic for eWASM view, @expede @Recmo  for \u201cnative\u201d precompiles EIP Process Improvements: EIP233 - @boris @axic @lrettig  Technical Mainnet HF Process - @decanus  Mainnet HF Comms - Lead? 6 or 9 month HFs, plus non HF rollouts like networking updates, JSON-RPC - @lrettig  Networking - Hobbits wire protocol for ETH 2.0 - Antoine Toulme  Proposed EIP Presentations Not confirmed to present, copy/pasta from roadmap wiki   EIP 1829 Precompile for Elliptic Curve Linear Combinations - @Recmo   EIP 1057 ProgPoW, a Programmatic Proof-of-Work - @shemnon   EIP 1559 - Fee market change - see also EthMagicians discussion - @ vbuterin  Related Links  Istanbul Roadmap timeline - https://en.ethereum.wiki/roadmap/istanbul  Small vs Large Hardforks More frequent, smaller hardforks vs. less frequent, larger ones   Event Details When: April 17th & 18th Where: Berlin, Germany Venue: Full Node \u2013 thank you Martin & Gnosis team for supporting this These are working meetings, please sign up to let us know you\u2019re coming https://goo.gl/forms/AZv018Cgd2B3YzuZ2 The presentations will be livestreamed at the Ethereum Foundation Youtube account starting soon. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eth-roadmap-ama-webinar-feb-6th-8am-pst-1700-utc-1/2518",
                        "https://goo.gl/forms/AZv018Cgd2B3YzuZ2",
                        "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSZ8umEwLjA6pncgm1BQ5tkRb4Lw97LzyFvOx9zJZyE0z0yNIlY9dsVJ7_hogRq-6svKubFkELeXzHu/pubhtml?gid=977790192#",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1u7d-jLMdGkPYl0zf49b1CFKtqlln4ICO",
                        "https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-615",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_taRpfsEF-ofF0UpwKyGOH-ogPqxmpUD",
                        "https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1712",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1w_I_9ny1c5bPEavBfy2QLk0OPOzGrM0q",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1EiIw2LIw2e98nLaR0VU94PJrpBj-ABo_",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lrfJ-Z4lscnLHbUae11uPn8QaUpQjdH2",
                        "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-TuInhKVAbLs0s5L-Bk1e0x3aXlCYW2R",
                        "https://en.ethereum.wiki/edit/roadmap/istanbul",
                        "https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1829",
                        "https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1057",
                        "https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/1559",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eip-1559-fee-market-change-for-eth-1-0-chain/2783",
                        "https://en.ethereum.wiki/roadmap/istanbul",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/more-frequent-smaller-hardforks-vs-less-frequent-larger-ones/2929",
                        "https://goo.gl/forms/AZv018Cgd2B3YzuZ2",
                        "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Au1Qll-86v0",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/motion-to-not-include-progpow-without-audit/3027/22",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eip-1559-fee-market-change-for-eth-1-0-chain/2783/20"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.5476190476190474
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/lrettig",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "11/03/2019-20:03:52",
                    "content": "I\u2019ll be there. You can put @axic (?) and me down for Ewasm. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.222222222222222
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tvanepps",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "12/03/2019-02:24:17",
                    "content": "  Security Review   Just came across this today. 25k for EIP audits, not sure any more specifics though   twitter.com          ChainSecurity (chain_security)     The #Ethereum Foundation has classified the reentrancy vulnerability in EIP-1283 of the #Constantinople fork as \"high severity\". To prevent such issues and delays in future upgrades, @ethereum has put aside additional $25K for security audits of future EIPs \ud83d\udc4f  9:39 AM - 11 Mar 2019     30          11            ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://twitter.com/chain_security/status/1105146210485182465",
                        "https://twitter.com/chain_security/status/1105146210485182465"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.341666666666667
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "12/03/2019-03:15:59",
                    "content": "Yeah I\u2019m wondering if that\u2019s per EIP. My other question is if anyone is going to champion 1283 to go in again. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.375
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/timbeiko",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "12/03/2019-15:06:20",
                    "content": "Not sure if this is the right thread to bring this up, but on Github @boris mentioned that  If we want to meet again, that timing should be decided soon, so that people can plan ahead. Depending on what the goals of the meeting are, either late July (post July 19th implementation deadline) or mid September (post Aug 14th testnet upgrade).  Are there Ethereum events already planned either mid-late July or early-mid September? If so, it may make sense to have this future meeting be in the same location & at the same time. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.811224489795919
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "12/03/2019-17:31:52",
                    "content": "Yes, it\u2019s a good spot for it  It\u2019s been my experience so far that meetings aligned with conferences lengthen the time for everyone and are generally exhausting. I don\u2019t know if I\u2019m the only one that feels that way, but I\u2019d prefer these meetings \u2013 if we need to have them in person \u2013 should be planned to meet the needs of the meeting and the participants. I think rotating location \u2013 i.e. not always in Europe! \u2013 should be a factor, it shouldn\u2019t overlap a weekend (this is a job!), and probably some other guidelines. Getting on a plane at all is costly, so who supports the cost of this travel is another question. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.2749999999999995
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/timbeiko",
                    "index": "7",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "12/03/2019-18:29:25",
                    "content": "Great points! The reason why I proposed having this close to conferences is that for people who would otherwise be attending the conference for work, it is often cheaper to simply extend the trip. I agree we should look how to support the cost of travel and rotate locations. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/maurelian",
                    "index": "8",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "13/03/2019-20:41:50",
                    "content": "    boris:  My other question is if anyone is going to champion 1283 to go in again.   I really like 1283, or something else that enables a cheaper mutex. But that\u2019s quite different from championing. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.125
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "9",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "14/03/2019-00:19:11",
                    "content": "Chanting: @maurelian, maurelian, maurelian, maurelian! Original author @sorpaas will be in Berlin I think, but needs to be encouraged that there are people interested in it as well as of course security reviews. Maybe an opportunity to write the specification in K that you / Consensys Diligence could help with? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.5625
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/maurelian",
                    "index": "10",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "15/03/2019-16:28:18",
                    "content": "I like all these ideas. /fires up twitter. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/lrettig",
                    "index": "11",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/03/2019-20:46:59",
                    "content": "One of the Ewasm folks (@axic?) could probably lead the precompiles conversation as we\u2019ve been discussing this at great length as part of the Ewasm Eth1x plans. Please also add me to \u201cEIP Process Improvements\u201d and HF schedule. Thanks. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "12",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/03/2019-22:55:30",
                    "content": "Great, added those above \u2013 it should be wiki editable by anyone. For reference, that precompiles discussion needs to be broader than just WASM. For the WASM plan in general, there should be a multi-hardfork schedule and some discussion of what is needed. I\u2019m going to ping the team because @expede would like to sync up and ask some questions before Berlin so we can coordinate forward compatibility from EVM Evolution. Re: leads \u2013 basically, just trying to get at least one or two names beside topics that need discussion / planning. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.6875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/lrettig",
                    "index": "13",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "20/03/2019-13:42:32",
                    "content": "    boris:  it should be wiki editable by anyone   Confirmed that it is editable. Sorry about that! And thanks for making the updates for lazy me. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.65625
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/zscole",
                    "index": "14",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "20/03/2019-16:41:57",
                    "content": "I\u2019d like to volunteer to present on testing. This will also overlap with simulation. We have some updates for the state tests that we\u2019ve been planning with @AlexeyAkhunov and will have some results to share by then. We\u2019ve also made some progress on other testing related initiatives, including some relevent work we\u2019re doing with the EEA. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.791666666666667
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "15",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "20/03/2019-17:46:22",
                    "content": "Great @zscole! Please edit to put your name next to Testing and add a line + your name to Simulation. If you haven\u2019t already \u2013 please sign up on the google form. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tvanepps",
                    "index": "16",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "25/03/2019-17:17:26",
                    "content": "@vbuterin - @econoar mentioned you might want to present on 1559 remotely? Is this still the case? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.75
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/sorpaas",
                    "index": "17",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "27/03/2019-01:02:41",
                    "content": "I can confirm to make it on 17th (but cannot confirm 18th), and I want to add EIP-1712 to the list. It\u2019s a relatively simple one and related to our immutability/invariant discussions. A current benefit is in inter-blockchain / private-chain setup, where it can prevent someone accidentally deploy a contract to a chain that is incompatible. This is something I\u2019ve heard a lot of complaints of. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "18",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "27/03/2019-01:21:12",
                    "content": "Great, thank you. Will make sure to schedule for the 17th. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 8.25
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/AlexeyAkhunov",
                    "index": "19",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "27/03/2019-14:30:30",
                    "content": "Andrew Ashikhmin will make a presentation about his Red Queen Sync protocol. This is currently under State rent working group, but we might want to split it up to another working group. I would also like to launch another working group related to the use of beacon chain as a finality gadget for Ethereum 1x ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "20",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "27/03/2019-14:41:39",
                    "content": "Great, thanks for the update.     AlexeyAkhunov:  I would also like to launch another working group related to the use of beacon chain as a finality gadget for Ethereum 1x   Yes there is a lot of excitement about this for sure. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/virgil",
                    "index": "21",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "28/03/2019-11:34:53",
                    "content": "I will be in Korea on those dates, but I\u2019ll be remotely presenting on:  EIP 152: the Blake2 precompile Introducing an optional process reducing the necessary labour from by our fine EIP maintainers using OASIS Open Projects.  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.395833333333333
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "22",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "29/03/2019-01:20:37",
                    "content": "Great. Just started on getting a schedule together with @tvanepps \u2013 will need to make sure we can schedule at a time that isn\u2019t too bad for you. Hmmm Korea is +8 hours ahead of Central Europe. OK, so you could do a morning Europe time slot and it wouldn\u2019t be too late, even 11am is only 7pm in Korea. Let us know if certain times on 17th or 18th are better / worse. Thinking we can maybe talk about all the precompiles together, as there are some related questions about this. Having spoken to some core client devs Can you say more about OASIS and what you mean? Do you want a separate slot to discuss that? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.500686813186814
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/owocki",
                    "index": "23",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "08/04/2019-20:12:40",
                    "content": "(hope its okay to bring this up on this thread; if not, I will create a new thread) Does anyone need a roommate while in Berlin?  If so, DM me on twitter => twitter.com/owocki ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.590909090909091
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/shemnon",
                    "index": "24",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "09/04/2019-02:54:09",
                    "content": "I noticed other than the Red Queen Sync protocol there isn\u2019t much on the table for whatever would make up Eth/64 (Forming a Ring: ETH v64 Wire Protocol Ring).  Do we want to add that to the agenda?  Perhaps @matthalp could do a remote presentation? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.96875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/matthalp",
                    "index": "25",
                    "likes": "3",
                    "time": "09/04/2019-04:42:35",
                    "content": "My understanding is that are currently three sync proposals/prototypes (1. fast warp 2. red queen 3. fire hose) under development where either one or some combination will be selected to be the new syncing paradigm. There are about ten other ETH v64 proposals that have been on standby while the sync proposals progress. They are mostly simple in nature and do not seem too contentious, but now is probably a time to get the to a more mature state. As a step towards that I\u2019m happy to present these proposals to educate and help get buy in from the community. If this is something everyone else would be interested all I ask is that I can get a reasonable time slot to present since I\u2019m in the Pacific time zone. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.736201298701299
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "26",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/04/2019-04:59:18",
                    "content": "@tvanepps can help you get scheduling sorted. Morning in PST around 7am should be doable. I\u2019m based in PST normally AKA the worst time zone, so I feel your pain  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 2.875
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tvanepps",
                    "index": "27",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "09/04/2019-14:29:56",
                    "content": "Great to hear @matthalp. If you could fill this form out it will help me stay organised. Mention your timezone as well:   docs.google.com    Istanbul & ETH1x Roadmap Planning This is a technical meeting for CoreDevs, ETH1 client developers, EIP proposers, and other technical experts. This is being publicly announced, in-person attendance will be curated using this signup to focus on active contributors.  The goals are:  *...      Thanks! ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfG9ItUbmKeSidT8zZ7qYc1Op6zHkAyoUk8adRJp0e28ourdg/viewform?usp=send_form",
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfG9ItUbmKeSidT8zZ7qYc1Op6zHkAyoUk8adRJp0e28ourdg/viewform?usp=send_form"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.565476190476191
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/sorpaas",
                    "index": "28",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "15/04/2019-20:25:31",
                    "content": "Besides EIP-1712, I\u2019ll also give an overview of all of our current account versioning options. This includes EIP-1702/#154, EIP-1707 and EIP-1891. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/matthalp",
                    "index": "29",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "17/04/2019-03:45:51",
                    "content": "Any updates on livestream information? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "30",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "17/04/2019-04:19:01",
                    "content": "We\u2019ll post when we have it. @tvanepps will have it. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "31",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "17/04/2019-05:43:14",
                    "content": "Also, could you post what the hashtag will be? Good luck with the sessions, and thanks! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.375
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "32",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "17/04/2019-06:05:57",
                    "content": "#coredevsberlin \u2014 we\u2019ll use that here too to tag posts. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/ligi",
                    "index": "33",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "17/04/2019-08:42:04",
                    "content": "here the link to the live-stream: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Au1Qll-86v0 cc @matthalp ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/virgil",
                    "index": "34",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/04/2019-01:52:24",
                    "content": "Prepared statements for the ETH Istanbul magicians meetings Today I am in air transit with a yet undetermined schedule, so in the event I am unable to speak live on my request for the precompile, I have prepared these notes.  Special Projects wishes greater Ethereum interopability with Zcash, IPFS, and Handshake. Coincidentally, all of these projects use the Blake2 hash function.  So, this is our official request to add the Blake2b F precompile to the Istanbul hardfork.  The first special project here will probably be creating a wrapped ZEC (WZEC) within Ethereum as well as wrapped Ether within Zcash.  After that, some yet-to-be-determined bridge architecture will allow Ethereum to benefit from Zcash\u2019s shielded transactions. If there\u2019s an issue of funding to get this over the finish line, I will personally cover the expenses.  That\u2019s it really.  Send questions to virgil@ethereum.org. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.8129058441558445
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/virgil",
                    "index": "35",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/04/2019-05:30:42",
                    "content": "Prepared statements for the Istanbul magicians meetings Today I am in air transit with a yet undetermined schedule, so in the event I am unable to speak live on my introduction of the \u201cEIP OASIS plan\u201d, I have prepared these notes. My original proposal (approved by EF management) for an experimental EIP/ERC-approval process running in parallel to the existing EIP process is here: https://notes.ethereum.org/rkFOS_WLV  You can see the majority of the context there.  Use of the experimental OASIS-EIP process is entirely optional.  If maintainers prefer, they can keep with the same system.  If, after 18 months, it is deemed that the OASIS-EIP process isn\u2019t much better than our current one, we will discontinue the experiment and return to single-process system we use now.  If, after 18 months, it\u2019s determined that the OASIS-EIP process is a notable improvement, we can discuss making OASIS-EIP the sole EIP/ERC-approval process. After deciding that becoming an IETF working group would generate more problems than solutions, Ethereum Foundation decided to go with OASIS as OASIS is one of the few organizations that, rather than enforce gate-keeping (like IETF, ISO, etc), OASIS uses their standards specialists as shepherds and referees to bring out the best in your standards. Project Governing Board (PGB) Some have asked how the initial Project Governance Board was decided.  I don\u2019t consider any of the picks to be controversial, but here\u2019s the reasoning for each initial member: * Ethereum Foundation - Would be bizarre to not have EF represented.  I, Virgil Griffith, will be the initial EF representative, but I hope to abdicate this role as soon as possible. * Consensys - With the exception of EF, Consensys employees have authored more EIPs than any other org.  We wish to reward this behavior. * Ethereum Enterprise Alliance - Although coming from the more corporate world, the EEA has a lot of standards experience and expertise.  It seems sensible to leverage this experience.  Additionally, having EEA more involved in Ethereum EIPs will improve their ability to keep their own EEA standards compatible and up to date with ours. * Nick Johnson - Nick has been the primary steward of the EIP process for sometime.  The goal is for him is to represent the values of the existing pre-OASIS process and overall be a voice of \u201cthe people\u201d within the PGB. As there are an even number of PGB members, if there is a tie, OASIS referees will cast the tie-breaking vote. Technical Steering Committee (TSC) One pleasant change in this process is that, whereas the Magicians EIP Ring was before merely the unofficial custodian of the EIP process, in the OASIS process the EIP Ring becomes the Technical Steering Committee, which has official, specific powers.  This enshrines the Magicians (or at least the EIP Ring) with official standing.  I have complete confidence in the Magicians for rising to the challenge of wielding these new powers. The person to field all OASIS-related questions to is Jory Burson jory.burson@oasis-open.org. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.849481658692185
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/cdili",
                    "index": "36",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/04/2019-13:46:50",
                    "content": "Copied to separate thread     OASIS-EIP stewarding process Process Improvement       (written by @virgil)  Today I am in air transit with a yet undetermined schedule, so in the event I am unable to speak live on my introduction of the \u201cEIP OASIS plan\u201d, I have prepared these notes.  My original proposal (approved by EF management) for an  experimental  EIP/ERC-approval process running  in parallel  to the existing EIP process is here: https://notes.ethereum.org/rkFOS_WLV   You can see the majority of the context there. Use of the experimental OASIS-EIP process is  entirely option\u2026      ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://notes.ethereum.org/rkFOS_WLV"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.150974025974025
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "750"
}