{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-call-for-rings-and-participants/2588",
            "title": "COUNCIL OF PARIS: Call For Rings and Participants ",
            "index": 2588,
            "category": [
                "Happenings"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "gatherings",
                "ethcc",
                "discussion",
                "call-for-rings",
                "council-paris-2019"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "5",
                    "time": "04/02/2019-17:17:49",
                    "content": "Hi everyone, sorry this took a bit long, but i had a very busy January. The call for rings with already set-up rings is here. HOWEVER: none of these are set in stone. This Google Form is for you to propose new ones. I have already proposed one for the Cat Herders, I know I would like to be introed to this, and added @Ethernian\u2019s Whisper one. Please feel free to add your suggestions via the form, and we will consider them for the rings. Additionally, I am planning to have a short session at the start for \u201cspontaneous proposals\u201d, as we will receive a lot of people and maybe some don\u2019t check the documents beforehand. This will open the event after an intro, so we can get to know new people, hear ideas, and discuss in or after the council, formally or just sitting in a caf\u00e9, anything works! The pre-set rings that don\u2019t have participants till February 20th will be deleted to make space for new rings as well. Preliminary Agenda with rings will be posted on March 2nd, so please mark dates so you don\u2019t miss proposing or giving feedback. Let me know if you have any questions. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScOMcJPOhfJ2Iako1V25eSFWru0AIsUqQ7Vd0jlrQqcP_5Fuw/viewform",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-2019-announcement/2438/7",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/forming-a-ring-decentralization/1516/10"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.426325757575757
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/5chdn",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "15/02/2019-12:17:51",
                    "content": "There may be interest to have an Ethereum 2.0 ring.   github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-pm      Issue:  Eth2.0 Implementers Call 12 Agenda  \t \topened by djrtwo \ton 2019-02-08 \t \t \t  Eth2.0 Implementers Call 12 Agenda Meeting Date/Time: Thursday 2019/2/14 at 14:00 GMT Meeting Duration 1.5 hours YouTube Live Stream Link Agenda Testing Updates Client Updates Research Updates discv5 update/discussion Quick...        ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://github.com/djrtwo",
                        "https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-pm/issues/29#issuecomment-463680018",
                        "https://github.com/djrtwo",
                        "https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-pm/issues/29#issuecomment-463680018"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.174242424242424
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "18/02/2019-10:25:31",
                    "content": "After the events this weekend, and several people interested, I added a new ring: Protocols to preserve the people working on Ethereum\u2019s integrity After the events unfolded during this past weekend that resulted on a massive outburst of accusations, conspiracy theories, demands, and verbal violence triggered by mob mentality, it is time, as a community, that we take a look at other tech communities and develop our own protocols (in case of abuse of power, harassment), talk about what is tolerable and what we should condemn and in which form, and work on our own procedures to behave as a unified, however decentralized community that has mature protocols and processes to deal with event that might jeopardize people\u2019s integrity, and therefore, Ethereum\u2019s development (eth is developed by humans!) This session will not be livestreamed. Participation form is here. Topics of Discussion  Power abuse Harassment (various forms) prevention protocols mobbing /cyber bullying Doxxing D&I  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.652892561983471
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/02/2019-22:37:02",
                    "content": "We\u2019ve moved the HackMD document here:     [Council of Paris 2019] Call for Rings Fellowship Gatherings       Note: ported from HackMD. We\u2019ll look at getting wiki mode turned on for this post.  Please fill out this form:  Session Interest Form to help us schedule rooms If you can facilitate or take notes for a session, check this guide out.  Purpose The purpose of this document is to develop an understanding of which rings are participating in the Council of Paris and who is participating on each ring.  Further discussion here:  More broadly, don\u2019t worry too much about \u201crings\u201d \u2013 if there is a topic, EIP\u2026     ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScOMcJPOhfJ2Iako1V25eSFWru0AIsUqQ7Vd0jlrQqcP_5Fuw/viewform",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/running-a-magicians-session/2652"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.012499999999999
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-2019-call-for-agenda-topics/2442",
            "title": "[Council of Paris 2019] Call for Agenda topics ",
            "index": 2442,
            "category": [
                "Happenings"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "council-paris-2019"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "16/01/2019-14:18:50",
                    "content": "Council of Ethereum Magicians supposed to be different from usual Conference with pre-approved speakers and audience listening to that speakers to. The goal of the Council is to facilitate communication in the community across usual circles and groups. It gives anyone a chance to be heard, to understand concerns of others, to find colleagues to work together on some topic or start a new one. In order to archive this goal, I would propose to create an open list of discussion topics, where anyone is eligible to add a new topic or signal an interest to already existing one. As the result we will have list of topics, ordered by number of people are interested in. Time slots will be assigned accordingly to the public interest. A single discussion topic could be described like:   ShortName - short unique name of the topic used as reference.  Description - briefly description of the problem to be discussed (100 words max).  TargetAudience - who are expected (in keywords). Example: CoreDevs, Anyone.  A voting for discussion topic could be expressed by:   Name - a FEM user name  Speaker/Listener Flag (S/L) - \u201cS\u201d - I would talk. \u201cL\u201d - I would listen only. This should help to arrange seats for big discussions accordingly.  If you have objections against this proposal in general please let me know. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.086343344155844
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-09:51:49",
                    "content": "Hi there, I\u2019ll make a doc with the old rings, and whoever wants to propose can just add their own ring and promote it. Ultimately, the rings with the most people will be selected. Agreed we shouldnt do any curation of topics ourselves, as you suggest, but let the people by majority of interest see what\u2019s valuable for them and what\u2019s not. It\u2019s also the simplest way. However, I set up the usual format to do this,please use this document. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.958333333333333
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-10:59:03",
                    "content": "    mariapaulafn:  Hi there, I\u2019ll make a doc with the old rings, and whoever wants to propose can just add their own ring and promote it. Ultimately, the rings with the most people will be selected.   I would really do both: rings and topics. Rings are permanent working groups but we also have new and important topics worth to discuss. Here are few of this: Discussion Topics:   \u201cImmutables, invariants, and upgradability\u201d Last EIP-1283 reentrancy bug makes a clear need to discuss about what do we assume to be immutable, what is our social contract with devs and users and how can we upgrade them all.   \u201cWhisper-v2: Unified secure messaging layer for dAPPs. Requirements and implementation.\u201d. Currently Whisper adoptions stocks. Many projects decided to implementing own Secure Messaging instead of the default one. What is the reason? How can we improve Ethereum Secure Messaging to fit most requirements? How requirements on Secure Messaging changed with introducing L2-layer?   ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://ethresear.ch/t/whisper-v2-request-for-requirements-for-eth2-unified-messaging-protocol/4808"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.356749311294766
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-11:14:16",
                    "content": "Rings are formed around topics. What\u2019s the rationale here? Would you like to present yourself, or to do open discussions? In the case of the second one, Rings = Topics Is this what you\u2019re thinking? Either way, in the hackMD doc there is a google form to submit, so I got everything in one place. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-11:42:33",
                    "content": "    mariapaulafn:  Rings are formed around topics. What\u2019s the rationale here?   Rings are meant to be permanent and regular work groups. It doesn\u2019t make sense to create a new ring for every new topics.  Look at the discussions here to topics about Constantinople upgrade: a lot of postings but no one ring has expressed an ownership of it. It is a sign, that these topics do not fit into any ring currently. May be because that topics require broader discussion? I think we should have a chance to discuss topics ad-hoc (i.e. out of Rings) and let Rings picks them for permanent work after that.     mariapaulafn:  Would you like to present yourself, or to do open discussions? In the case of the second one, Rings = Topics   It is definitely not about presentation of myself. Look at the most frequent Constantinople topics - they are not in any Ring yet. They need to be discussed, but where? Should it be rip it apart just because of our current Ring Structure? Some Topics <> Rings. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.280303030303031
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-11:46:59",
                    "content": "The topics are discussed in rings, I dont see an issue here, if you propose a different discussion format. But \u201cTopics\u201d is not a discussion format. Eg. 2.0 was discussed on a fishbowl format. Please suggest topics and discussion formats to guide people better. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.25
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "7",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-16:16:09",
                    "content": "IMO, it is probably better to highlight the key topic e.g. \u201cData Ring: Focusing on State Rent\u201d or \u201cEth 1.x: Fishbowl Q&A\u201d, even if it is basically a gathering around a permanent Ring. In more mature standards bodies there is much stronger difference, the terminology often used is \u201cWorking Group\u201d vs. more short-term \u201cTask Force\u201d. At the in-person event, the agenda is flexible and we should channel people to where they\u2019d contribute the most, set the tone for the specific work to be done. But here on the Forum I would only create new categories for what is clearly a permanent Ring. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.152892561983471
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "8",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "22/01/2019-22:28:53",
                    "content": "Look at the structure of our current forum: Rings is only part of it and do not contains all Topics. There is life out of Rings. We have interesting topics in Primordial Soup - and they do not belongs explicitly to any Ring, but worth of discussion, like \u201cMeta: we should value privacy more\u201d or \u201cEEP-5: Ethereum Hardfork Process - request for collaboration\u201d Some topics are formally in the EIPs, but related to many Rings. Examples? Here they are: Immutables, invariants, and upgradability (Rings: EIPs, Security, EVM Evolution) or EIP-1102: Opt-in provider acces (Rings: EIPs, Security, Wallets). So it is in nature of our topic to be in no Rings (at very beginning) or to be related to many of them if interdisciplinary. I am quite neutral to see Rings as Topics or as a Work Groups. But somehow we should assign time slots to important topics even they are out of any Rings or in many Rings. In the model Rings==Topics proposed by @mariapaulafn those topic should be either discussed multiple time in each Ring, assigned to one of possible Rings (ignoring other aspects) or create a new Ring dedicated to topic. Not really ideal. I would propose to have both:  Topics may be proposed for discussion in some Ring internally (as usual) Topics may be proposed out of any Rings or as interdisciplinary topics (many Rings). Rings may claim responsibility for Topics.  Ring-internal topics will be grouped. For interdisciplinary Topics we will try to make joint-sessions with many Rings. My proposal is topic focused: I would like to see discussions about topics that are hot right now, no matter what Ring they are in. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/meta-we-should-value-privacy-more/2475",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eep-5-ethereum-hardfork-process-request-for-collaboration/2305",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/c/eips",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/immutables-invariants-and-upgradability/2440/48",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eip-1102-opt-in-provider-access/414"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.965244982290436
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "9",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-12:02:40",
                    "content": "I think what you are proposing is valid, but you are missing the point of what is proper event agenda structuring, and maybe losing focus. As @jpitts suggests, we need an agenda, and then in the in-person can allow room as well. However I would assess potential topics online, as this is what I think: I get that topics are very important to you, but topics are what we discuss in the forum. if a topic evolves enough, by all means, propose it via the form. You need to format those topics into standard in-person discussion formats. Yes, you can throw around topics, but i think the forum has reached critical mass to discuss beforehand online - especially with a month in advance - and take it from there. Proposals will be taken from the form, and need a discussion format. The proposal can be topic-oriented, there is no ring or discussion without a topic! Maybe there\u2019s a language barrier here I\u2019m not identifying? However, I would appreciate it if my direction is accepted, aside from your view on topics that I believe it might be misinterpreted by different notions of the word and what it means to you and to me, as this discussion is deriving us from what I need to do here: get the agenda up and running. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.177777777777778
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "10",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-12:05:52",
                    "content": "    Ethernian:  In the model Rings==Topics proposed by @mariapaulafn those topic should be either discussed multiple time in each Ring, assigned to one of possible Rings (ignoring other aspects) or create a new Ring dedicated to topic.   This is not the only model proposed, it was a question. Please suggest topic + format or discuss topics online in the forum, as I mention on the post above. A list of topics floating around and no structure won\u2019t help anyone. Breaking down topics by opening forums and discussing if there is an interest to discuss them,that helps. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.897005772005772
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/tomislavmamic",
                    "index": "11",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-14:15:00",
                    "content": "I\u2019ve read the discussion again and took a look at our ring list hackmd document. It seems to me that people are not really filling in the rings document (I see only 3 participants signing up)\u2026 Maybe I am wrong but, ever since they were proposed in Berlin we have this problem of keeping the rings going. What I mean is, there are only a handful of individuals relatively devoted to keeping rings going. Majority of people just want to show up and discuss. Also, I don\u2019t see people really voting on these topic proposals. How do we achieve more engagement of people in making the gathering better? How do we achieve a greater impact without repelling people with responsibilities? We have to keep in mind that whatever the formats we choose, the gathering should enable lively discussions and facilitate our passion for solving common problems. We have done our best to find the fitting format for our gatherings, and I believe rings are ultimately it. But if people are not eager to sign up and take on the responsibility of a ring (which are greater than the ones of the one-off ad hoc discussions), we might have to continue adapting. Having well defined and repeating structure will make a lot of sense once we have a well-oiled machine running. But we are not there yet. There is an issue with one-off discussions. They have less impact than rings. Their biggest benefit might be that they bring people\u2019s understanding together and open their perspective but they lack the immediate means for creating a lasting impact. This is all theoretical. Maybe the ETH2.0 discussion from Prague had a bigger impact than any of the rings. We might never know. The structure and the content of our agenda will have the biggest impact on the successfulness of this gathering and we need to take that into consideration when making these decisions. I hope I am just stating the obvious. We can\u2019t really stop people from having off-topic discussions, and we really shouldn\u2019t. The most lively and lasting discussion at the first FEM gathering in Paris last year happened in the yard, quasi-spontaneously. If we don\u2019t include it on the agenda, people we find ways to do it anyways, and if there is no designated time for this, they might skip ring sessions to do it. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.645441483803553
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "12",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-14:28:42",
                    "content": "Just FYI, i havent promoted the hackmd or the form yet, because i want to sort out this disucssion better. and it was published yesterday. i expect to promote this after G\u00f6rlicon next Thursday when I\u2019ll be able to focus on this again ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.666666666666666
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "13",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-14:54:15",
                    "content": "@Ethernian if you want a session around State Rent (for example) \u2014 put it in the doc in the same way Rings are. I think that\u2019s the misunderstanding. @mariapaulafn you may want to format the doc to clearly identify leads for Rings & topics. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.25
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "14",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-14:54:28",
                    "content": "    tomislavmamic:  It seems to me that people are not really filling in the rings document (I see only 3 participants signing up)\u2026       mariapaulafn:  Just FYI, i havent promoted the hackmd or the form yet,   yeah. It is my experience too. Few days is too short time to make conclusions. And yes, we need to promote our request for topics actively. If the barrier to fill the form is too high, I would post an invitation in most active topics. People should just  it to signal their interest. This would be some kind \u201cin-topic voting\u201d. Here is an example of such invitation. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.346666666666666
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "15",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-14:59:41",
                    "content": "    boris:  @Ethernian if you want a session around State Rent (for example) \u2014 put it in the doc in the same way Rings are. I think that\u2019s the misunderstanding.   Totally agree. Just let people put \u201corphan\u201d topics at the same level as Rings are. Rings may \u201cclaim ownership\u201d adding multiple votes for the topic at once. Something like that. Then we will try to order by votes and group by Rings. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "16",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-20:13:35",
                    "content": "    mariapaulafn:  you are missing the point of what is proper event agenda structuring, and maybe losing focus.   It is a good point. Let us align our understanding why we need an agenda and what structure do we need for it. My understanding: we need an agenda for \u2026  to help people to find each other in the same room and at the same time to discuss topic of their interest. We need to know how many people and how long do come together for discussion in order to assign a room efficiently. if time and room will be sparse, we need to provide priority accepted by most people.  Ultimatively, we need topic priorities and number of people per discussion (assuming all time slots are equal). Rings to topic assignment may help us to estimate number of participants in each session, but should not concern us otherwise. Thats all. @mariapaulafn  do you have another structure or goals in mind? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.6625000000000005
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "17",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-21:08:29",
                    "content": "BTW, I have tried to fill the form, but was stopped on following: The Field \u201cIf you already got more participants, add them here\u201d is mandatory. I stopped filling the form and started to looking for supporters. It is not obvious whether the number of participants I provide here is final or people will may join later somehow. Would be great to make it clear, that it is not necessary to show all the supporters at the time of submitting the form. I would notice, that submitted topics will be published and people may join them later. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.777777777777777
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "18",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-07:33:17",
                    "content": "    tomislavmamic:  How do we achieve more engagement of people in making the gathering better? How do we achieve a greater impact without repelling people with responsibilities?   @tomislavmamic I was focusing on this a month ago but was unable to really work enough on it. I think that there needs to be someone who reaches out to each Ring, the contact and others who seem to be participating. Just to energize/encourage them, ask what is going on, etc.     tomislavmamic:  The most lively and lasting discussion at the first FEM gathering in Paris last year happened in the yard, quasi-spontaneously. If we don\u2019t include it on the agenda, people we find ways to do it anyways, and if there is no designated time for this, they might skip ring sessions to do it.   Totally! That was an amazing situation out there in the courtyard, one of those classic moments in our history. One way to do this may be to have an open \u201cbirds of a feather\u201d discussion at a certain time, e.g. \u201c2pm discussion about the Ethereum Roadmap in the courtyard\u201d. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.958536255411255
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "19",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-08:31:47",
                    "content": "    boris:  @mariapaulafn you may want to format the doc to clearly identify leads for Rings & topics.   Yes I need to polish it, sorry, as im doing G\u00f6rliCon it was in my plans to fully dedicate to FEM schedule after my event, but I got pushed into figuring it out ahead of time.     jpitts:  One way to do this may be to have an open \u201cbirds of a feather\u201d discussion at a certain time, e.g. \u201c2pm discussion about the Ethereum Roadmap in the courtyard\u201d.   This is my idea, too. I would appreciate if everyone could read my last message here to @Ethernian to understand that I want to give the agenda all my time, but I need a week more.     jpitts:  @tomislavmamic I was focusing on this a month ago but was unable to really work enough on it. I think that there needs to be someone who reaches out to each Ring, the contact and others who seem to be participating. Just to energize/encourage them, ask what is going on, etc.   Same goes to this. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.007142857142856
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "20",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-08:32:32",
                    "content": "Try adding just \u201c0\u201d its an indicative form. It\u2019s quite obvious that if you dont have any, you just add some \u2013 or 0 ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "21",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-08:38:53",
                    "content": "Hi, with all due respect. I organize more than 10 conferences/events a year. I am currently organizing one. I know exactly why we need an agenda and I don\u2019t understand why my timeline on this is being pushed and my work directed when we all had assigned ourselves the areas we were best at, and you remarked you could not do agenda. So please, try not to overstep, because the work will get done, this is not my first FEM or my first conference, I know exactly what to do and I am very much aware that everything needs feedback, but all in due time. This thread is not doing any favors but rushing things, and interrupting my other tasks. I intend to dedicate my whole attention to the agenda, once I am done with other commitments (jan 31st), and expect my times to be respected. We have a month to go so the agenda has enough time to be prepared. I am sorry if this comes off as too direct, but at this point, I feel that I\u2019m being pushed and on top of that schooled, on an area that I signed up for because this is what I\u2019m best at. I take all feedback, but let me do my thing and then give feedback. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.986111111111111
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/Ethernian",
                    "index": "22",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-10:41:34",
                    "content": "Dear Maria Paula, Excuse me if you feel pushed or your efforts not recognized. Definitely it is not that I meant or said. You make a great job, no doubts. And yes, anyone of us has personal timeline, which I fully respect. I think anyone of us may us to propose or comment anything he would like. An Agenda defines greatly how conference will looks like and only because of that it is a hot topic.  But at the end, someone who is responsible for the topic, makes decisions. You are completely free to ignore any of my proposals. Once more, I am very sorry if you feel uncomfortable about the conversation above. Guys, look like I have pushed my vision too much and made it inconvenient for many. Sorry. I will step back for a while\u2026 ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.375
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "23",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "24/01/2019-11:14:50",
                    "content": "No problem at all, I just have a tight schedule and want to dedicate the time for this it deserves. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 4.107142857142857
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/call-for-rings-council-of-colorado/2348",
            "title": "Call for Rings - Council of Colorado ",
            "index": 2348,
            "category": [
                "Working Groups"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "NONE"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/owocki",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "07/01/2019-12:55:37",
                    "content": "Hello, We will be having an ETHMagicians Meetup at ETHDenver. Matt Locker is organizing..  It\u2019s on Thursday, FEB 14th, right before ETHDenver.  Same venue as ETHDenver. If you want to participate, fill out this form: https://t.co/duhSUtqMFK, comment on the Call for Rings on HackMD and/or comment below. HackMD ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://t.co/duhSUtqMFK",
                        "https://hackmd.io/mQrjzVjVR_eDQbRZp6GFDA?view",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-colorado-business-models-ring/2349"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.7142857142857135
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "07/01/2019-19:27:30",
                    "content": "Thanks for announcing this, looking forward to it! I added Data Ring to the HackMD file. One note about naming, the regional gatherings outside of the three main annual Councils should be called \u201cGatherings\u201d or something other than Councils. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.364583333333334
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/pcowgill",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-20:01:44",
                    "content": "I just added the Mobile Ring to the HackMD file. Thanks! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.25
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/owocki",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "13/02/2019-01:14:10",
                    "content": "more details for day of here Call for Rings - Council of Colorado ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/meknab",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "14/02/2019-03:17:46",
                    "content": "What time are we starting? ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "6",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "14/02/2019-04:39:40",
                    "content": "@meknab, this is the schedule for the EthDenver gathering: https://hackmd.io/s/rklzFyVX4 ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.0
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-2019-call-for-rings/2726",
            "title": "[Council of Paris 2019] Call for Rings ",
            "index": 2726,
            "category": [
                "Happenings"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "council-of-paris",
                "ethcc2019",
                "council-paris-2019"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "22/02/2019-22:35:53",
                    "content": "Note: ported from HackMD. Discourse wiki mode is turned on, so regular users should be able to edit it directly. Leave a comment if you can\u2019t edit the wiki and we\u2019ll add your info. Council of Paris  When: March 4, 2019 Where: CNAM - 292 Rue Saint-Martin, 75003, Paris, same venue as ETHCC   Basic details: Website: https://ethereumevents.global/events/2019-council-of-paris/ 28 Agenda: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BYudpf2TfjO-qbAoSuzFBH0Ab_BRiQJ31VUhGoc6n_Y/htmlview Registration: https://pretix.eu/ethmagicians/councilofparis2019/ 40 Sponsors who want to pay with fiat: https://opencollective.com/ethmagicians-eu/events/council-of-paris-2019-27245ev  Please fill out this form:  Session Interest Form to help us schedule rooms If you can facilitate or take notes for a session, check this guide out. Purpose The purpose of this document is to develop an understanding of which rings are participating in the Council of Paris and who is participating on each ring. Further discussion here: More broadly, don\u2019t worry too much about \u201crings\u201d \u2013 if there is a topic, EIP, or experience around the Ethereum ecosystem you\u2019d like to discuss, please add yourself here. We\u2019ll be wrangling the agenda so everyone has room and time to meet. As well, your job is to spread the word and get people to sign up. You can even consider having an organizing call ahead of Paris, write up some wiki or HackMD pages, or in general prep for having productive meetings during the time we are alll together in person. Please suggest a new ring and begin to organize if you know of a set of related EIPs or significant issues in the Ethereum community. The reason why it was determined to follow with this format and list the most popular rings of Prague 2018, is to ensure there will be continued dialogue, progress and accountability over the action items suggested in the rings. New rings will be added from the form. Suggestion: if you think you will be a facilitator for a ring, please put \u201cfacilitator\u201d next to your name under participants. If someone else already has a facilitator title, please coordinate with them. Exact times and rooms will be assigned as part of agenda wrangling process. Rings 1. Education Working doc: https://hackmd.io/k166XmT8S5ysdHA_uXM02g# To provide direction and process flow for knowledge management in the Ethereum ecosystem. The three main directives will be to help with:   Educating ourselves (those currently in the Ethereum community)   Educating the rest of the world (either devs or non technical community)   How we bring devs to opensource (grow the technical engagement of Ethereum)   Desired outcome(s): Topics of Discussion   Newcomer education and broadening understanding for non-tech audiences   Discuss & Build on education models being currently worked on   B9 labs and DoD education for 1000 devs - progress update   Interested Participants   Simona Pop   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   James Beck   Elias Hasse (Facilitator)   Aidan   Adeola   2. Wallet Ring Notes from session: https://hackmd.io/s/r17bqknUV Make wallets more useful, interoperable, user friendly, decentralized, secure, accessible. Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Participants  You!  3. Signaling Ring Discuss the problem of signaling and measuring preferences in decentralized networks. Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Participants   Daniel Kronovet   You!   4. Fund Recovery Ring Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Interested Participants  Afri 5chdn  5. Meta Magicians Ring Discuss rings, events, operations, and how we can scale and organize together. Topics of Discussion   Role of FEM   Your suggestion   Interested Participants   Boris Mann (facilitator)   Peter Mauric   Adeola   6. Security Ring Discuss security community structure and planning. Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Participants  You!  7. Token Ring Discuss token standards. Topics of Discussion   Modelling securities with tokens   Intersection of security tokens with exchanges (centralised & DEX)   Confidential transactions with security tokens   Participants   Adam Dossa (Polymath)   James Waugh   8. Business Models Ring Discuss business models (streaming money, subscriptions, NFTs, ERC20 tokens) for dapps Notes from 2018/10/29: https://hackmd.io/W11KX6Y9R3idXXhN2tHFzA Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Participants   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   Colin Platt   Yalda Mousavinia   Aqeel Mohammad   Thomas Jay Rush   Simona Pop   Adeola   9. Oracle Ring Discuss oracles and their interfaces for smart contracts (EIP 1154 or equivalent) Topics of Discussion  Please suggest in this doc.  Participants   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   You!   10. Data Ring Discuss issues related to on-chain and off-chain data including size, usability, scalability, openess, etc. We will investigate difficulties and opportunities. Topics of Discussion   Full nodes versus light nodes - known issues   The \u201cInfura Problem\u201d   DappNode, Denode, VIPNode   State Trie Pruning, Blockchain Pruning   State Rent Proposals   Publishing Data (can we avoid capture and censorship?)   Participants   Thomas Jay Rush (TrueBlocks)   Ankit CHIPLUNKAR (tokenanalyst)   You!   11. Trust & Reputation Discuss issues related to on-chain reputation, uses, misuse, reputation models. Topics of Discussion   Transferrable reputation: how to avoid what happened with the donut experiment   Staking reputation for voting (Colony\u2019s model)   Decentralized reputation   Etymology of trust and trustless - how we define the tools we build for a globalized audience   Participants   Daniel Kronovet   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   Yalda Mousavinia   Aqeel Mohammad   James Waugh   Lili Feyerabend   You!   12. EIPs & Ecosystem Standards Topics of Discussion   EIP Process, especially core EIPs and hardfork planning   Istanbul hardfork   Interested Participants   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   Boris Mann (facilitator)   13. Ethereum Roadmap Topics of Discussion   Continue the work done in Prague and catch up with the current existing roadmaps   Discuss Ethereum 1x   Interested Participants   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez (co-facilitating/ taking notes)   Daniel Kronovet   Simona Pop   Lane   Colin Platt   Chris Remus   Boris Mann   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   Greg Colvin   Adeola   Gregory Markou   14. Web3 UX Discuss the progress of Web 3.0 application UX since the Devcon reunions. Identify pain points and potentially come up with vocabulary to describe the tools we use to a non-crypto audience. Topics of Discussion   Vocabulary   UX painpoints   Teams building with top notch UX   Participants   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   Simona Pop   Marko   Yalda Mousavinia   Aqeel Mohammad   Lili Feyerabend   James Beck   You!   15. Whisper-v2: Universal Secure Messaging for ETH2 Ethereum becomes a heterogeneous network of shards and different L2-nodes. It implies changes on secure messaging. Now many projects are reimplementing secure messaging instead of using whisper. It is a sign of an adoption problem. Let us fix it. Topics of Discussion   What prevents whisper adoption?   Which projects working on own secure messaging now?   What projects require secure messaging.   How the unified secure messaging-as-service should looks like in ETH2. What are the requirements? How we collect them?   Background discussion:   Whisper-v2 : Request for requirements for ETH2 unified messaging protocol   Participants   Ethernian   Lane   Antoine Toulme   A2be   somerb   jpitts   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   Gregory Markou   16. Ethereum Project Management: Cat Herders Proposing this ring to get together all the people that have been gathering in this group, discuss funding, and face to face dialogue. Topics of Discussion   History and goals of the initiative   How to get involved   Project management vs. governance   Why is PM so hard in Ethereum?   Roadmap to DAOification   Participants   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   Lane   Aidan   Colin Platt   Chris Remus   @Ethernian   Yalda Mousavinia   James Beck   Adeola   You   17. DAOS People are calling 2019 the year of the DAO. How do we enable and encourage success? How do we mitigate dystopia? Topics of Discussion   DAOism \u2013 \u201cMy DAO is better than your DAO\u201d \u2013 waste of time to think this way, or important to enhance our governance models and messaging?   DAO dystopia \u2013 Ethereum Police State \u2013 DAOs will be used for evil, whether we like it or not \u2013 is there a role for a DAO to mitigate bad actor DAOs?   How do we get more people to build DAOs?   How do we get more services and infrastructure for DAOs?   DaoCon0: how do we make it great?   & more   Participants   Yalda Mousavina   Mar\u00eda Paula Fernandez   Tomislav Mami\u0107   James Waugh   Thomas Jay Rush   You   18. \u201c5 Whys\" retrospective: \"Why we are too slow in adopting innovations we are creating\u201d? It\u2019s taken 16 months from Byzantium to Constantinople (still not in production), despite the fact that Constantinople is relatively noncontroversial and doesn\u2019t actually change very much. According to the best estimates 1, we won\u2019t have a functional (from the perspective of most layer two developers) Eth2 until 2021 (phase 2) at the earliest. We try to ask 5 Whys recursive starting with \u201cWhy we are too slow\u2026\u201d Topics of Discussion   5 Whys retrospective: Why we are too slow in adopting innovations we are creating?   Economical and other incentives of innovation adoption?   Background discussions:   Experiments we should be running   Thought experiment: Ethereum has failed in 5 years. Why did it fail? How we can prevent it?   both started by @lrettig Participants   @Ethernian   Lane   Marko   Greg Colvin   Gregory Markou   You   19. Immutables, invariants, and upgradability What kind of social contract do we have to follow? Topics of Discussion   Remediations for EIP-1283 reentrancy bug: have we broke any promise about gas cost of operations.   CREATE2 allows to change the code for already deployed contract: is it a breach of immutability assumptions?   In general: What is our social contract about immutables and invariants?   Background discussion:   Immutables, invariants, and upgradability   started by @lrettig Participants   @Ethernian   Lane   Hadrien Croubois (Amxx)   20. Protocols to preserve the people working on Ethereum\u2019s integrity After the events unfolded during this past weekend that resulted on a massive outburst of accusations, conspiracy theories, demands, and verbal violence triggered by mob mentality, it is time, as a community, that we take a look at other tech communities and develop our own protocols (in case of abuse of power, harassment), talk about what is tolerable and what we should condemn and in which form, and work on our own procedures to behave as a unified, however decentralized community that has mature protocols and processes to deal with event that might jeopardize people\u2019s integrity, and therefore, Ethereum\u2019s development (eth is developed by humans!) This session will not be livestreamed. Participation form is here.  Topics of Discussion   Power abuse   Harassment (various forms)   prevention protocols   mobbing /cyber bullying   Doxxing   D&I   Participants   Mar\u00eda Paula Fern\u00e1ndez   Lili Feyerabend   James Beck   Simona Pop   ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://ethereumevents.global/events/2019-council-of-paris/",
                        "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BYudpf2TfjO-qbAoSuzFBH0Ab_BRiQJ31VUhGoc6n_Y/htmlview",
                        "https://pretix.eu/ethmagicians/councilofparis2019/",
                        "https://opencollective.com/ethmagicians-eu/events/council-of-paris-2019-27245ev",
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScOMcJPOhfJ2Iako1V25eSFWru0AIsUqQ7Vd0jlrQqcP_5Fuw/viewform",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/running-a-magicians-session/2652",
                        "https://hackmd.io/k166XmT8S5ysdHA_uXM02g#",
                        "https://twitter.com/Sim_Pop",
                        "https://hackmd.io/s/r17bqknUV",
                        "https://hackmd.io/W11KX6Y9R3idXXhN2tHFzA",
                        "https://twitter.com/Sim_Pop",
                        "https://twitter.com/Sim_Pop",
                        "https://ethresear.ch/t/whisper-v2-request-for-requirements-for-eth2-unified-messaging-protocol/4808",
                        "https://daocon.io",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/experiments-we-should-be-running/2573",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/thought-experiment-ethereum-has-failed-in-5-years-why-did-it-fail-how-we-can-prevent-it/2568",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/lrettig",
                        "https://twitter.com/mhswende/status/1093995835518537728",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/immutables-invariants-and-upgradability/2440",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/lrettig",
                        "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf26FZBbe787e8fNaac8Y7m0e72gxbkFmkkGi7SkP1uYIhhwA/viewform?usp=sf_link",
                        "https://twitter.com/Sim_Pop",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/hackmd-document-is-now-protected/2707/7",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-call-for-rings-and-participants/2588/4",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-paris-content-experiences-and-feedback/2810"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.897908442173358
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/mariapaulafn",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "28/02/2019-13:53:05",
                    "content": "Posting here for posterity: Elias our education lead at ETHBerlin and responsible for the Blockstars program to train 1000 devs, will be facilitating the Education ring. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.0
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/council-of-colorado-ethproduct-call-for-participation/2507",
            "title": "Council of Colorado - EthProduct call for participation ",
            "index": 2507,
            "category": [
                "Working Groups",
                "Product Management Ring"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "NONE"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/chadwick",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "23/01/2019-00:36:04",
                    "content": "I\u2019m proposing to convene and lead an EthProduct ring meeting for Magicians just before EthDenver.  If you are interested, please add your name here https://hackmd.io/mQrjzVjVR_eDQbRZp6GFDA#Product-Management-Ring I propose for us to continue discussing topics from our community call (e.g. nuances of web3 PM) but with an in-person workshop. If there are other suggestions, LMK.  Cheers! ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.234375
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "621"
}