{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/who-would-like-to-participate-or-be-a-contact-for-the-meta-ring/1874",
            "title": "Who would like to participate or be a contact for the Meta Ring? ",
            "index": 1874,
            "category": [
                "Primordial Soup"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "meta-magicians"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "1",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "11/11/2018-16:53:22",
                    "content": "A key discussion about Meta Ring was started by @wschwab: Otherhoods: Some Thoughts After the Meta Ring Many of us who participated in the Meta Ring in Prague are likely to want to continue the work. This thread is to formally begin a Ring around how the Magicians can self-organize. Please post here if you\u2019d like to be a contact person or organizer for the Meta Ring. Contacts are listed in the wiki page for each Ring. Many of us involved in the Magicians would like to monitor the proceedings of Meta Ring as well; after all, this is where many of the processes for resource management will be formed. Findings from this Ring will be very applicable in other Rings as they self-organize! This means that communication from the Meta Ring will be an important process and the group will need someone to take responsibility for that. Lastly, definitely post any thoughts about what you\u2019d like the Meta Ring to work on. These can be listed in the wiki page. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-summary": "The post is an invitation for people to participate in the Meta Ring, a self-organizing group for Magicians. The author explains the purpose of the group and invites people to become contacts or organizers. The author also emphasizes the importance of communication and invites feedback on what the Meta Ring should work on.",
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": [
                        "3rd party or author wants to collaborate on proposal",
                        "Author of proposal is explaining proposal"
                    ],
                    "Sentiment": 6.079861111111111
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/jpitts",
                    "index": "2",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "11/11/2018-18:34:42",
                    "content": "Also I am wondering if \u201cMeta Ring\u201d is the best name for what we\u2019re doing here. Now is the time to think about it. I bring this up because I saw in a different Ring formation the use of key principles/methods in the term for the initiative.     Ways of Self Organization in Decentralized Development Cycles Council Sessions       Really excited and inspired to see this emerge. And I need this in so many projects I am involved in!  One thought I have is the use of the terms Self Organization and Decentralized. I see why it is important to call out the key principles/methods of this initiative w/ the acronym SODC. But as this initiative starts to form an enduring Ring, perhaps the name of the Ring should only reflect the most essential part of the problem domain that is being addressed. Perhaps then: \u201cDevelopment Cycles Ri\u2026     In \u201cMeta Ring\u201d the problem may be vagueness. A better term may be \u201cOrganization Ring\u201d (of course ironic as we often refer to un-organization or dis-organization). ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": [
                        "Author of proposal is asking for feedback",
                        "None of the topics listed match",
                        "None of the topics listed match"
                    ],
                    "Sentiment": 6.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/boris",
                    "index": "3",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "12/11/2018-02:42:58",
                    "content": "I think \u201cMeta Magicians\u201d is just another fun name, which is meant to be very broad. It\u2019s using Magicians to talk about Magicians. I already did post the notes:     Breakout Session #2: Meta Magicians Council Sessions       I was facilitator and scribe, because I am bad at handing off scribing / sharing the HackMD link ahead of time.  I believe anything that is \u201cactionable\u201d (listed under TODO) should get turned into github issues to see who is \u201cassigned\u201d in actually moving it forward.  Long form discussion can / will still happen in forum \u2013 but updates / moving things forward / accountability in Github.   Participants Rhys  Aidan  TJ Rush  Bryant   issuing invoices  Brooke  William  Simona events - inclusivity  Amy \u2026     As I have signaled elsewhere, there are a number of real, actionable items that need to get done. I intend to move some of them into Github issues, and of course everyone is welcome to do the same. Meta comment in the meta-magicians thread: I really think we need at least two humans for each ring who are first point of contacts / organizers. For rings / breakout sessions at council, we ended up having difficulty finding out who this was! Site feedback may still be useful for forum-specific feedback. There are meta-magicians topics in there now, tagged as such. And yes, please do include me as a contact. I don\u2019t need to be an organizer (not sure if we are listing this somehow separately?) but I do intend to participate in the topic. ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://hackmd.io/H72LLoQEQdG1in8conLVgg",
                        "https://ethereum-magicians.org/c/site-feedback"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": [
                        "3rd party giving constructive criticism of proposal",
                        "3rd party extending to proposal",
                        "3rd party asking questions about proposal"
                    ],
                    "Sentiment": 5.319196428571429
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/wschwab",
                    "index": "4",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "15/11/2018-09:04:19",
                    "content": "@jpitts I\u2019m in. I don\u2019t have much guidance about how this is going to work, but I\u2019m happy to pitch in. ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 7.5
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://ethereum-magicians.org/u/ChainSafe",
                    "index": "5",
                    "likes": "1",
                    "time": "15/11/2018-15:55:43",
                    "content": "@jpitts, I would love to be involved however possible  ",
                    "links": [],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 6.25
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "522"
}