{
    "poll_list": [],
    "discourse_list": [
        {
            "thread_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/governance-and-risk-204-thursday-august-19-at-17-00-utc/17318",
            "title": "Governance and Risk #204 - Thursday, August 19 at 17:00 UTC ",
            "index": 17318,
            "category": [
                "Resources",
                "Public Calls"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "public-call",
                "pubcall-:-governance-and-risk"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Davidutro",
                    "index": "#1",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "18/08/2022-12:05:38",
                    "content": " gr-meeting-purp (2)1920\u00d7442 24.4 KB   Disclaimer This communication is provided for information purposes only. The views and opinions expressed in this meeting are those of people involved and do not reflect the official policy or position of MakerDAO or any of its contributors, Core Units, or affiliates. This communication makes no representations about the enduring accuracy of the information or its appropriateness for a given situation. This content is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal, business, investment, financial, or tax advice. You should consult your own advisers as to those matters. References to any digital assets and the use of finance-related terminology are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute any recommendation for any action or an offer to provide investment, financial, or other advisory services.  Call Recording       Call Information The zoom waiting room will be on, and a password is set to: 748478; please ping us in the Maker Discord\u2019s #governance channel if you aren\u2019t let in from the waiting room. 2021-08-18T17:00:00Z  Video/Voice  Dial-in  Calls Calendar  Slides - updated before the call  Introduction   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Hosting, Introduction, Agenda.  @gov-comms-core-unit - Slides   Governance Round-Up   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Votes Recap  @MIP-Editors - MIPs Recap  @Artem_Gordon - Forum Recap   Initiative Updates  July Financials - @strat-fin-core-unit HVB Legal Funding Update - @monkey.irish   Selected Discussion   Main Topic RWF Split MIP39c2-SP34: Creating RWF0x from a Split of RWF-001 MIP41c4-SP39: RWF-0x Core Unit Facilitator Onboarding MIP40c3-SP78: RWF-0x Budget Proposal through 2022 Secondary Topic MIP77: Delegates in the Maker Protocol Ask us stuff  Anonymous question box   @Recognized-Delegates @Core-Facilitators ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://discord.gg/5uAJtzkK",
                        "https://zoom.us/j/697074715",
                        "https://zoom.us/u/acRbIMDvK",
                        "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=bWFrZXJkYW8uY29tXzNlZmhtMmdoaXBrc2VnbDAwOWt0bmlvbWRrQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20",
                        "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1b9-1QOLMmKUUeTdZ1adJRd849zULUKLK049LquaROTk/edit?usp=sharing",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c2-sp34-creating-rwf0x-from-a-split-of-rwf-001/16967/44",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip41c4-sp39-rwf-0x-core-unit-facilitator-onboarding/16969",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip40c3-sp78-rwf-0x-budget-proposal-through-2022/16968/6",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip77-delegates-in-the-maker-protocol/16905",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.323717948717949
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Artem_Gordon",
                    "index": "#2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "18/08/2022-14:28:33",
                    "content": " Episode #204: August 18th, 2022 | Editorial Summary  Agenda   00:00: Introduction  06:23: Votes and Polls  8:45: MIPs Update  12:36: Weekly Forum Recap  16:54: Initiatives Update: July Financials  33:37: Discussion: HVB Legal Funding  56:57: Discussion: RWF and RWF0x Split  1:30:30: Conclusion   Video Link  General Updates  Votes  Payton Rose  Polls: \u2013 6:27   Executive Votes: \u2013 7:34   MIPs  Pablo 8:45 Weekly MIPs Update #100  Ratification Polls    Top Level MIPs \u2013 8:59       Core Unit Budgets \u2013 9:18       Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 9:36       Amendments \u2013 9:47     Proposals in RFC    MIP Sets \u2013 10:06       Core Unit Onboardings \u2013 10:19       Special Purpose Funds \u2013 10:30       MKR Budgets \u2013 10:53       Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 11:01       Amendments \u2013 11:12      _Important Dates:   Ratification Polls will close on August 22nd.   The last day for introducing modifications in the proposals eligible to enter the September Cycle is August 31st._   Weekly Forum Recap  Artem Gordon 12:36 Post: Weekly Forum Recap: July 11th - 17th, 2022   News & Announcements:   Frontier Research Delegate Platform   Signal Requests:   [Signal Request] Update MANA vault stability fee to 3%   [Signal Request] Changing USDC-PSM fees    Shout-out: DAI-LIGHTS NEWS, MOVES & L2S  Initiatives Update  July Financials  Adrian 16:54  1452\u00d71009 112 KB   1452\u00d71006 222 KB   Overview of Monthly Results1377\u00d7958 193 KB   Monthly Income Statement1379\u00d7949 134 KB   Interest Income Decomposition1373\u00d7952 249 KB   Next 6 Months (N6M) Target Spend Level Signal Request1373\u00d7958 286 KB   Proposals for long-term project-based budget planning/SES CU Proposal1375\u00d7954 247 KB   Discussion  HVB Legal Funding  Robert 33:37  HVBank Next Steps1757\u00d71043 296 KB   Professional Services Costs Coverage for MIP651920\u00d71042 167 KB  37:12   Christian Petersen: Ankura Trust is the third-party agent acting as the eyes and ears on the ground. Communication to the community began today with their first posting. Two of HVB\u2019s loan participations have been approved. The Trust will participate in its first two loans in the coming days.  The 400 million upfront is to invest the balance waiting for HVB to use it in a Treasury ETF, with the authorized investment income going back to Maker. With 400 million deposited upfront, it was cheap and easy to diversify some income.    40:30   Robert: I have submitted a proposal for project-based funding, specifically for MIP65. In my domain, I want to solve a particular problem. Initially, we want quick decisions (less than two weeks) on what I will return professional services and spend money on. Legal services make up a significant part of professional services. Other services include counterparty risk and assessment. We often have questions about the deal terms. For professional services, the relationship does not end once the collateral is onboarded; it continues.  We must ensure we are paid. Our collateral risk levels must also remain within the ranges we assessed onboarding. By using a governance poll, we want to ensure we involve the community in the ongoing support of specific collateral. Governance polls indicate community support. To continue to involve the community in the collateral onboarding process, we would like to build this project funding request into the process. Continual checks help us decide whether to move forward with collateral.    45:57   Juan: It doesn\u2019t exist. MKR holders voted for the governance process and ratified the process, which needs to be respected. You can create a new tool if the SPF doesn\u2019t work, but if you\u2019re using your facilitator powers and announcing an urgency, it should be called that. It would be more appropriate to discuss whether it is urgent rather than a new cool feature called PFR.  49:02   Raphael: Do you think you or the DAO will get this budget back from the parties who now have the mandate to do that work?   Robert: I want to allow the community to work through and make a decision. I don\u2019t want to interfere with this DAO process.     Discussion  RWF and RWF0x Split 56:57   Payton Rose: Kianga had a good comment in the chat, saying, are we going to talk about the RWF wallet? Most specifically, what is going on with those funds and communications? It seems like a good starting point, considering we are discussing the need for funding and financing.  57:38   Raphael: There seem to be two proposals for budgets for legal fees for the same collateral. Should the community now decide which one it wants? How are they thinking?  1:01:56   Juan: The auditor\u2019s role is not to judge the performance of the Core Unit. Instead, it must ensure that it reports on what it is spending the money on and that it falls within the MIP. Our auditors would issue a report saying they spent 40k instead of 30k if we said we\u2019d spend 30k on trips. Once this report is out for MKR holders/delegates to review, the auditor moves the funds to the operational wallet. Governance would be required for anything that changes that flow. Auditors cannot judge Will\u2019s performance and say, \u201cHey, you\u2019re not communicating enough, you\u2019ve gone MIA,\u201d etc.  01:04:21   Payton Rose: Can someone clearly state what is not happening with the real-world finance law that folks are trying to solve?  1:14:20   Justin: It\u2019s critical to distinguish between what we intend to do and what is actual Maker policy. Maker as a whole has not yet decided. I have a few priorities as a delegate. I want to start by freeing up the mandate: that\u2019s why an off-board proposal went live tonight. Green lights should be suspended until a permanent solution is found. To ensure continued operations and maintenance of our existing obligations, either of the two proposals will have to proceed through a governance process. The government must approve it. Finally, we need to determine a long-term solution. That one will probably take longer. So that we can have something solid and not have to change it every two or three months, we need to figure out if a Core Unit or a Meta DAO is the best way forward.  Suggestion Box  Credits   Andrea Suarez produced this summary.   @Larry_Wu produced this summary.   Kunfu-po produced this summary.   Everyone who spoke and presented on the call.   ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=383",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=525",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=756",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=1014",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2017",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=3417",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=5430",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=387",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=454",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=525",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-mips-update-100/17265",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=539",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=558",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=576",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=587",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=606",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=619",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=630",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=653",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=661",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=672",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=756",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-forum-recap/16247/5",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/frontier-research-delegate-platform/17298",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-update-mana-vault-stability-fee-to-3/17097",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-changing-usdc-psm-fees/17304",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=1014",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2017",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2232",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2430",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2757",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=2942",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=3417",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=3458",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=3716",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=3861",
                        "https://youtu.be/Rv-lBWmiBLE?t=4460",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/govcomms-monthly-update-august-2022/17882"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.888850915166705
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/governance-and-risk-203-thursday-august-11-at-17-00-utc/17157",
            "title": "Governance and Risk #203 - Thursday, August 11 at 17:00 UTC ",
            "index": 17157,
            "category": [
                "Resources",
                "Public Calls"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "public-call",
                "pubcall-:-governance-and-risk"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Davidutro",
                    "index": "#1",
                    "likes": "2",
                    "time": "10/08/2022-18:31:33",
                    "content": " gr-meeting-red185 f1920\u00d7442 28.5 KB   Disclaimer This communication is provided for information purposes only. The views and opinions expressed in this meeting are those of people involved and do not reflect the official policy or position of MakerDAO or any of its contributors, Core Units, or affiliates. This communication makes no representations about the enduring accuracy of the information or its appropriateness for a given situation. This content is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal, business, investment, financial, or tax advice. You should consult your own advisers as to those matters. References to any digital assets and the use of finance-related terminology are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute any recommendation for any action or an offer to provide investment, financial, or other advisory services.  Call Recording       Call Information The zoom waiting room will be on, and a password is set to: 748478; please ping us in the Maker Discord\u2019s #governance channel if you aren\u2019t let in from the waiting room. 2021-08-11T17:00:00Z  Video/Voice  Dial-in  Calls Calendar  Slides - updated before the call  Introduction   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Hosting, Introduction, Agenda.  @gov-comms-core-unit - Slides   Governance Round-Up   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Votes Recap  @MIP-Editors - MIPs Recap  @Artem_Gordon - Forum Recap   Initiative Updates  Project Based Budgeting Proposal - @SES-Core-Unit   Selected Discussion   RWF Split MIP39c2-SP34: Creating RWF0x from a Split of RWF-001 MIP41c4-SP39: RWF-0x Core Unit Facilitator Onboarding MIP40c3-SP78: RWF-0x Budget Proposal through 2022 Ask us stuff  Anonymous question box   @Recognized-Delegates @Core-Facilitators ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://discord.gg/5uAJtzkK",
                        "https://zoom.us/j/697074715",
                        "https://zoom.us/u/acRbIMDvK",
                        "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=bWFrZXJkYW8uY29tXzNlZmhtMmdoaXBrc2VnbDAwOWt0bmlvbWRrQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20",
                        "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yQ5JOosFgwnAp8sLQ-qO-QbC_3emJv7VS0v0miD0bZ8/edit?usp=sharing",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/project-based-budgeting/17121",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c2-sp34-creating-rwf0x-from-a-split-of-rwf-001/16967/44",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip41c4-sp39-rwf-0x-core-unit-facilitator-onboarding/16969",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip40c3-sp78-rwf-0x-budget-proposal-through-2022/16968/6",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.387499999999999
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Artem_Gordon",
                    "index": "#2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "11/08/2022-14:31:22",
                    "content": " Episode #203: August 11th, 2022 | Editorial Summary  Agenda   00:00: Introduction  04:07: Votes and Polls  05:29: MIPs Update  10:50: Weekly Forum Recap  16:30: Initiatives Update: Project Based Budgeting Proposal  21:36: Discussion: Tornado Cash and USDC  1:07:50: Discussion:  Discussion: RWF and RWF0x Split  1:23:32: Conclusion   Video Link  General Updates  Votes  Payton Rose  Polls: \u2013 4:12 Executive Votes: \u2013 4:38   MIPs  Pablo 5:29  Ratification Polls    Top Level MIPs \u2013 5:50   Core Unit Budgets \u2013 6:12   Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 6:41   Amendments \u2013 7:01     Proposals in RFC    MIP Sets \u2013 7:20   Core Unit Onboardings \u2013 8:07   Special Purpose Funds \u2013 8:29   MKR Budgets \u2013 8:47   Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 8:57   Facilitator Onboarding\u20139:13   Amendments \u2013 9:26     Important Dates:  Ratification Polls will close on August 22th. The September FSW opens on September 9th._   Weekly Forum Recap  Artem Gordon 10:50 Post: Weekly Forum Recap: July 4th - 10th, 2022   News & Announcements:  100 Days to zkSync 2.0 Bridge Deployment Announcing Governance Dashboard v2 ELI5 DAI Backing    Signal Requests:  [SIGNAL REQUEST] N6M Target Spend Level [Signal Request] Update MANA vault stability fee to 3%      Reminder: Delegate contracts are expiring.   Initiatives Update  Project Based Budgeting Proposal  Juan 16:52  Project-Based/Budget Reallocation/How Core Unit-Based Budgeting is Killing Maker1920\u00d71097 180 KB   Discussion #1   Tornado Cash and USDC  Payton Rose 21:33 24:16   Kianga Daverington: What is the risk to MakerDAO and participants here for being unable to blacklist Dai if it is traced to sanction wallets or illicit activity?  26:31   Kianga Daverington: Why do we think Genesis will no longer convert Dai to USD?  30:20   Frank Cruz: Why don\u2019t we boycott USDC?  36:58   Jacob: If we move into RWA, will we face the same problem with sanctions that we face with USDC that could block us?  38:38   TJ Ragsdale: Are we saying that the existential risk of blacklist from USDC is greater than the existential risk of ETH dropping or whatever we invested in dropping?  41:31   CodeKnight:  What would be necessary if, in the worst case, the government started telling us that we did have to start blacklisting certain addresses? How big of a shift would that require?   Discussion #2   RWF and RWF0x Split 42:58   ElPro: 3F delegate has been a proponent of RWAs, and today\u2019s news of the Genesis compliance department, doing what they are doing is a big disappointment. Why do we need to build real-world assets or real estate at this point? Why do we need to do things humans can touch with their hands with USD,  US dollars, or even euros? I think there is a paradigm shift happening here. We can make a difference.  47:10   ElPro:  We should cut out the middleman. Why don\u2019t we need Genesis in the middle for us to build skyscrapers? Right?  49:30   Jacob: These loans we have on real-world assets, while the people are putting up the collateral care about dollars. These are loans that in the vaults are denominated in Dai. When the real-world assets exceed the USD PSM, they ultimately have to go to the market and find someone willing to provide them with Dai, which is why everyone cares about USD. One of those steps is slowly building up that ecosystem where Dai can exist independently of stable coin issuers of Fiat stable coin could Trad five USD stable coin issuers.  55:15   Chris Blec: Regarding the idea to wind Dai down and potentially try to wind down the project. I said that if we cannot figure out a way to eliminate existential threats, then we should consider winding it down because the existential threats will kill Dai. We have seen it over and over. I have been saying it for years; many people have been saying it for years. It\u2019s not illogical to think that the DAO should consider trying to save people and their money if we do not see a clear path to success. Throughout the call, I have been trying to say that I do not have a clear plan for how to do this. I am somebody who can see the writing on the wall, and I can see that there is an existential threat. The gun is in the hands of third parties that we are not correct, and they have not pointed at us at the DAO.  1:00:42   Payton: I see many similarities in how many Maker people were talking about a Luna, and I would certainly like to think that we are not creating this existential bubble. I think it is essential to reflect on this idea that we very similar advice to a competitor when we saw a flaw in their business model and said: you guys should start winding down, shutting it down, figuring out because the way you are going is imploding.  1:01:45   Asad: Has it been considered to slowly offboard USDC by just cranking the stability fee over time? And squeezing all the USDC like depositors?  1:06:00   Raphael: How can we discern if anything changed from a week ago? I am also of the opinion that we need to move out of USDC. I do not like that existential risk. We are on a past year. Is there anything we can say: because this happened, Maker is at more risk than it was a week ago; I am still not sure that is the case. I have no data to judge that. I would be happy to hear if anyone knows how to judge that.  1:08:46   Anon: We need to figure out what we will tell our partners to include to work with; that is the first thing I think will need to be replaced. I do not see a way around that. Find a suitable replacement. I believe Christian and his team could stay on provisionally. They have been doing the work. If we can find a decent manager with good people skills to watch over this, let that person decide what to do long-term. We need to have something we go to our partners with and say, Hey, this is whom you work with.  1:11:00   Raphael: I think the mandate of the DAO is this was Will. All the assets that RWF has been working on are attached to Will - I am still confused about how this works. For me, the most disturbing situation is two parties going out like this and the unclarity of who is responsible for what, and I do not know how you will address that with two parties that are not on talking terms. How will that work?  1:13:34   Raphael: We have worked with the mandate, right? You worked on these deals, you have the relationships, but we terminate you. If I imagine that, from a company point of view, we hire a company to do RWF, they come up with the deals, then the company\u2019s CEO finances three workers who have been building these relationships. Like in a local company, this does not change anything, as long as the company can still deliver. Everything is fine. I am confused about these attachments; altering the relationship diagram here is unclear to me, making it hard for me to decide on the right direction.  1:20:29   ElPro: I will agree with just in case that Will should have been more communicative to the community that MKR token owners delegates like; I do think that this is something that Will is up to, obviously, getting his mandate delivered.   Conclusion  Payton Rose 1:23:32  I want to thank everyone for coming out. I  appreciate the level of discourse and the ideas exchanged; we still have a lot to solve. Luckily, there are a lot of ongoing discussions, the ones we have been having here today; you will see versions of them and perhaps even more in our forum.  Suggestion Box  Credits  Kunfu-po produced this summary. Andrea Suarez produced this summary. Everyone who spoke and presented on the call.  ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=247",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=329",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=650",
                        "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZfl49_N32I&t=990s",
                        "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZfl49_N32I&t=1296s",
                        "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZfl49_N32I&t=4070s",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=5012",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=252",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=278",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=329",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=350",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=372",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=401",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=421",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=440",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=487",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=509",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=527",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=537",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=553",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=566",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=650",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-forum-recap/16247/5",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/100-days-to-zksync-2-0-bridge-deployment/17034",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/announcing-governance-dashboard-v2/17159",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/eli5-dai-backing/17000",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-n6m-target-spend-level/17122",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-update-mana-vault-stability-fee-to-3/17097",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=1012",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=1293",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=1669",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=1591",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=1820",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2218",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2318",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2491",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2578",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2830",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=2970",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=3315",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=3642",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=3705",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=3960",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=4126",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=4260",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=4414",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=4829",
                        "https://youtu.be/AZfl49_N32I?t=5012",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/govcomms-monthly-update-august-2022/17882"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.491544566544566
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/governance-and-risk-205-thursday-august-25-at-17-00-utc/17437",
            "title": "Governance and Risk #205 - Thursday, August 25 at 17:00 UTC ",
            "index": 17437,
            "category": [
                "Resources",
                "Public Calls"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "public-call",
                "pubcall-:-governance-and-risk"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Davidutro",
                    "index": "#1",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "25/08/2022-12:45:56",
                    "content": " gr-meeting (2)1920\u00d7442 27.9 KB   Disclaimer This communication is provided for information purposes only. The views and opinions expressed in this meeting are those of people involved and do not reflect the official policy or position of MakerDAO or any of its contributors, Core Units, or affiliates. This communication makes no representations about the enduring accuracy of the information or its appropriateness for a given situation. This content is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal, business, investment, financial, or tax advice. You should consult your own advisers as to those matters. References to any digital assets and the use of finance-related terminology are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute any recommendation for any action or an offer to provide investment, financial, or other advisory services.  Call Recording       Call Information The zoom waiting room will be on, and a password is set to: 748478; please ping us in the Maker Discord\u2019s #governance channel if you aren\u2019t let in from the waiting room. 2021-08-25T17:00:00Z  Video/Voice  Dial-in  Calls Calendar  Slides - updated before the call  Introduction   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Hosting, Introduction, Agenda.  @gov-comms-core-unit - Slides   Governance Round-Up   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Votes Recap  @MIP-Editors - MIPs Recap  @Artem_Gordon - Forum Recap   Initiative Updates  Governance Dashboard Demo from @hernandoagf !   Selected Discussion   Main Topic Signal Request - [SIGNAL REQUEST] N6M Target Spend Level Governance Poll - Target Spend Level - August 22, 2022 Secondary Topic RWF Split MIP39c2-SP34: Creating RWF0x from a Split of RWF-001 MIP41c4-SP39: RWF-0x Core Unit Facilitator Onboarding MIP40c3-SP78: RWF-0x Budget Proposal through 2022 Ask us stuff  Anonymous question box   @Recognized-Delegates @Core-Facilitators ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://discord.gg/5uAJtzkK",
                        "https://zoom.us/j/697074715",
                        "https://zoom.us/u/acRbIMDvK",
                        "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=bWFrZXJkYW8uY29tXzNlZmhtMmdoaXBrc2VnbDAwOWt0bmlvbWRrQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20",
                        "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/143FIk0gcv_LE5c0bPefq9qWp8z1FXjVQzDDRSDcCFCM/edit?usp=sharing",
                        "https://www.makerdao-governance-dashboard.com/",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-n6m-target-spend-level/17122",
                        "https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmY8Fs9t#poll-detail",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c2-sp34-creating-rwf0x-from-a-split-of-rwf-001/16967/44",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip41c4-sp39-rwf-0x-core-unit-facilitator-onboarding/16969",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip40c3-sp78-rwf-0x-budget-proposal-through-2022/16968/6",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.254340277777779
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Artem_Gordon",
                    "index": "#2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "25/08/2022-14:31:00",
                    "content": " Episode #205: August 25th, 2022 | Editorial Summary  Agenda   00:00: Introduction  4:32: Votes and Polls  7:13: MIPs Update  13:55: Weekly Forum Recap  18:05: Initiatives Update: Governance Dashboard Demo  33:00: Discussion: N6M Target Spend Level Review  50:40: Discussion: RWF and RWF0x Split   Video Link  General Updates  Votes  Payton Rose 4:37  Signal Update - MKR Pro-Rata Vesting Community Sentiment Poll960\u00d7540 60.2 KB    Forum Post: Signal Update - MKR Pro-Rata Vesting Community Sentiment Poll   Polls: \u2013 5:51   Executive Votes: \u2013 6:41     MIPs  Gala 7:23 Weekly MIPs Update #101   Important Dates: The last day for introducing modifications in the proposals eligible to enter the September Cycle is August 31! The Formal Submission window opens on Monday, September 5.   Ratification Poll Outcomes    Top Level MIPs \u2013 7:40   Core Unit Budgets \u2013 8:02   Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 8:20   Amendments \u2013 8:30     Proposals in RFC    MIP Sets \u2013 9:41   Core Unit Onboardings \u2013 10:11   Special Purpose Funds \u2013 10:24   MKR Budgets \u2013 11:03   Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 11:17   Facilitator Offboarding \u2013 11:30   Facilitator Onboarding \u2013 11:43   Amendments \u2013 11:54      Important Dates: Two short Ratification Polls will go on-chain on Monday, August 29th. The last day for introducing modifications in the proposals eligible to enter the September Cycle is August 31st. The Formal Submission window opens on Monday, September 5th.   Weekly Forum Recap  Artem Gordon 13:55 Post: Weekly Forum Recap \u2013 August 18th - 24th, 2022   News & Announcements:  Jason Yanowitz Delegate Platform Offboarding MIP7c3-SP4 Domain Team Mandated Actors    Signal Requests:  MKR Pro-Rata Vesting Community Sentiment Poll Changing USDC-PSM fees     Initiatives Update  Governance Dashboard Demo  Hernando Guzman 18:05  Governance Dashboard Demo960\u00d7540 8.4 KB    Governance Dashboard  \u2013 Forum Post: Announcing Governance Dashboard v2   Origin and Preamble \u2013 18:26   Features: Stats \u2013 22:08   Features: Tracker \u2013 27:01   Features: Delegates \u2013 28:01     Q&A 31:31   Payton Rose: Chris Blec asks how poll participation is calculated.   Hernando: The metrics come from the Governance Tracker sheet by GovAlpha.     Discussion  N6M Target Spend Level Review  Adrian 33:00  960\u00d7540 31.2 KB    Forum Post: [Signal Request] N6M Target Spend Level  \u2013 Voting Portal   Origin and Preamble \u2013 33:17   Process \u2013 35:52   Helper Template \u2013 37:09     Q&A 38:46   Payton Rose: There was a comment regarding Oracles and their latest approved budget, as well as them voluntarily proposing lower spending in exchange for not being subject to further cuts.  40:16   Andrew Burban: This complicates the overall system of calculating expenditures rather than simplifying it. Trying to reduce, you make it more expensive. Do you want to introduce complexity in the name of reducing spending?  42:40   Payton Rose: 15 million DAI was the winning option on the on-chain poll. Should we further explore those results and explain what that means to people?  47:00   Payton Rose: People coming into our Discord, the forum, and our calls, express worry or concern over the amount of spending versus revenue. How could we address those concerns within an organization of 20 independent teams? The default is to wait for them to voluntarily propose a lower budget, which could be a slow process. It is a pressing governance topic.   Discussion  RWF and RWF0x Split 51:22   Joshua: I posted on the forum asking why RWF-0x was trying to split the budget from the original RWF CU instead of just getting a new budget so they would be two independent CUs. If the old one wanted to shut down because of William\u2019s off-boarding proposal, that could also happen. It seems simpler. I wonder why my post did not get a response, and if anyone wants to respond, I would be curious to hear.   TJ: In the beginning, the current RWF-001 facilitator prompted us to spin out a CU. Given that stamp of approval, we figured the staff would be free to join one CU and another CU. This was a spin-out, and we would split the existing budget. Due to the backdrop of the bear market, we need to tighten our belts. It would be more palatable and reasonable to split existing resources instead of going into the DAO and requesting new resources.  Christian: As we anticipated, the existing budget would carry us through to the next budget cycle.  Payton Rose: On the governance end, it combines an onboarding and budget reduction proposal into one. It is not complicated from that perspective. However, we can see why socially, people might have strong opinions, depending on their supporters of either of the groups.    Joshua: I do not have any objection if everyone is okay with splitting the budget.  56:01   TJ: Josh, when you said it could influence the vote, do you mean perversely, or will it just influence the vote?   Joshua: I mean, perversely. If William feels onboarding the 0x Core Unit is an attack on his unit, he could lobby against it just for that reason. If they were independent, he would not have that excuse to complain about it. But I do not have an objection if he is okay with it. It just seems weird to open that door.  Christian: There have been comments in the forum regarding competition between CUs that are entirely inconsistent with a desire for the CUs to perform. If you split a CU, you are forcing competition, whether Will likes the proposal. We were trying to offer Maker an effective execution of deals, transparency, and a strategy. Having competition between CUs is valuable because Maker token holders say they want KPIs and performance with measurable benchmarks.  Joshua: Christian, I applaud your willingness to be competitive. However, you only need less than six months\u2019 budget. It would seem much cleaner from a voting perspective if the proposals were independent.    1:00:56   Eric Rapp: If you were to put forward a proposal to off-board and replace Will because he is terrible, I would be okay with that procedure. However, there is this implication when you say I will take three-fourths of his budget when he has not agreed. That is not a good way to run things. Your proposals imply that William will stay on RWF-001 after his budget was attacked. If William supports the proposal, that is fine. I do not want to create a precedent that undermines him.   Christian Our view was that the off-boarding would have been more contentious, mainly within the CU. We thought it more politically palatable and suitable not to force the delegates to make that decision, fully recognizing an implicit statement that should be the case in our proposal.  TJ: In hindsight, I think a lot of the way these budget requests have proceeded is a bit perverse. But going back to the beginning, Christian, Eric, and I suggested to Will that he step down. Then, he told us that we should spin out. In good faith, we did.    1:05:22   Robert:  I am referring to my comment in the forum about the hard costs of RWAs. We have spent much upfront to onboard collateral and with the ongoing needs that we have. We have spoken about budget cuts. I want to be clear that CES\u2019s budget will most likely go up if there is no resolution (RWF-0x does not get approved). I would not expect to see a decrease in our budget. I would expect the community to be prepared for an increase.  1:06:37   Kianga Daverington: What is happening with RWF-001?   Someone: I believe that we are no longer part of Maker. However, I am not sure what is going on with RWF-001.    1:08:27   ElPro: As a delegate, I want to know what went wrong. Facilitators gradually stepped down, like with DUX and Data Insights CUs. Is there any way delegates can get an idea of MKR token owners? What exactly went wrong when you all discussed splitting into a different Core Unit?   Christian: Talks about his frustration with a lack of performance and closing in the past from RWF. Cites examples of the Egyptian deal, ADTC, OPM, and HVB.   Eric Rapp: The RWF facilitator is a tough job with all the crosshairs and politics. I have sympathy for whoever gets that role. However, the three of us led RWF ourselves, and it was hard to get leadership from the facilitator. He is an intelligent guy with many skills but could not navigate through the challenging issues. We were hiding as a team and did not communicate enough with Maker. People are unhappy with our work. Our natural inclination with Christian was to engage the community and ask people to vote on polarizing issues. This created difficulties in getting things done over the past six to eight months.    1:16:24   Kianga Daverington: I get that there is an off-boarding proposal for Will. However, the larger framework appears to be Eric, TJ, and Christian as the witnesses on the stand. I missed the questioning of RWF with Will. If the answer is that he is missing or only speaking to people in private, I think that is an issue. I could have missed something on the forums or Discord. The community must acknowledge something more than what Eric, Christian, and TJ have answered. The mere posting of Will\u2019s off-boarding is not enough. There is an imbalance.   David Utrobin: For context, William\u2019s geographical location makes it hard for him to attend some of the regularly scheduled calls at Maker. He was present at RWF office hours last week.  Kianga Daverington:  I went to office hours last week. We, as a community, should uphold a standard of conduct. We are missing the mark regarding accountability and our expectations around conducted professionalism in expressing outrage. Will other people feel silenced during the off-boarding back and forth on things we have not handled?  CodeKnight: People engage more with TJ and Christian because they want to work with them. There is not as much regard for their conduct because people believe they can do productive things for the DAO.  Raphael: Kianga Daverington, I understand your point about conduct. No one wants a facilitator to go MIA for two weeks. However, this discussion should not take place in the heat of debate. It should be non-reactive and well thought out.    1:26:02   Payton Rose: One of the difficulties on the governance side is the rules versus expectations. Our rules are clear:  CUs are independent. We put a facilitator in charge of them. We give them the responsibility of their mandate, reporting, and interacting with the DAO.   If they fall short of expectations, we answer in the governance process. However, that creates a long time between the problem being identified and the matter going to vote.   Conclusion  Payton Rose 1:27:29  I wanted to thank everyone for coming on this call today. We will be back same time and place next week. A reminder that all the stuff referenced as threads in the forum is designed for more long-term communication for debate discourse. See everyone next week.  Suggestion Box  Credits   @Larryag produced this summary.  @Sol_Invictus produced this summary.  @Kunfu-po produced this summary. Everyone who spoke and presented on the call.  ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=272",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=433",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=835",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1085",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1980",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3040",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=277",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-mkr-pro-rata-vesting-community-sentiment-poll/17350",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=351",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=401",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=443",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-mips-update-101/17392",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=743",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=460",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=482",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=500",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=510",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=581",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=611",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=624",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=663",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=677",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=690",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=703",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=714",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=835",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-forum-recap/16247/13",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/jason-yanowitz-delegate-platform/17408",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/offboarding-mip7c3-sp4-domain-team-mandated-actors/17390",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-mkr-pro-rata-vesting-community-sentiment-poll/17350",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-changing-usdc-psm-fees/17304",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1085",
                        "https://www.makerdao-governance-dashboard.com/",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/announcing-governance-dashboard-v2/17159",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1106",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1328",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1621",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1681",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1891",
                        "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LWNlv6hr8oXebk8rvXZBPRVDjN-3OrzI0IgLwBVk0vM/edit#gid=0",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1980",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-n6m-target-spend-level/17122",
                        "https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmY8Fs9t#vote-breakdown",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=1997",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2152",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2229",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2326",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2416",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2560",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=2820",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3082",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3361",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3656",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3922",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=3997",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=4107",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=4584",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=5162",
                        "https://youtu.be/AXjYV85RLZQ?t=5249",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/govcomms-monthly-update-august-2022/17882"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.42176850926851
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "thread_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/governance-and-risk-202-thursday-august-04-at-17-00-utc/16978",
            "title": "Governance and Risk #202 - Thursday, August 04 at 17:00 UTC ",
            "index": 16978,
            "category": [
                "Resources",
                "Public Calls"
            ],
            "tags": [
                "public-call",
                "pubcall-:-governance-and-risk"
            ],
            "content": [
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Davidutro",
                    "index": "#1",
                    "likes": "4",
                    "time": "03/08/2022-15:39:48",
                    "content": " gr-meeting1920\u00d7442 28.1 KB   Disclaimer This communication is provided for information purposes only. The views and opinions expressed in this meeting are those of people involved and do not reflect the official policy or position of MakerDAO or any of its contributors, Core Units, or affiliates. This communication makes no representations about the enduring accuracy of the information or its appropriateness for a given situation. This content is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal, business, investment, financial, or tax advice. You should consult your own advisers as to those matters. References to any digital assets and the use of finance-related terminology are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute any recommendation for any action or an offer to provide investment, financial, or other advisory services.  Call Recording       Call Information The zoom waiting room will be on, and a password is set to: 748478; please ping us in the Maker Discord\u2019s #governance channel if you aren\u2019t let in from the waiting room. 2021-08-04T17:00:00Z  Video/Voice  Dial-in  Calls Calendar  Slides - updated before the call  Introduction   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Hosting, Introduction, Agenda.  @gov-comms-core-unit - Slides   Governance Round-Up   @GovAlpha-Core-Unit - Votes Recap  @MIP-Editors - MIPs Recap  @Artem_Gordon - Forum Recap   Initiative Updates  No live updates  Items below will not be covered on the call CU Updates Monthly Core Unit Updates | July 2022 Updates published this week Permissionless Bridge Deployment: Arbitrum Nova Parameter Changes Proposal - PPG-OMC-001 - 28 July 2022 Unified Auctions UI Release v1.7.0 - July 29th 2022 MakerDAO ALM forecast Prospective RWF-0x: July 2022 Monthly Report   Selected Discussions   New Delegate MIP Set RFC MIP77: Delegates in the Maker Protocol MIP78: Recognized Delegate DAI Compensation MIP79: Recognized Delegate MKR Compensation RWF Split MIP39c2-SP34: Creating RWF0x from a Split of RWF-001 Ask us stuff  Anonymous question box   @Recognized-Delegates @Core-Facilitators ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://discord.gg/5uAJtzkK",
                        "https://zoom.us/j/697074715",
                        "https://zoom.us/u/acRbIMDvK",
                        "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=bWFrZXJkYW8uY29tXzNlZmhtMmdoaXBrc2VnbDAwOWt0bmlvbWRrQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20",
                        "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hT7jPwOYka4DyMSy1kKfHbWtyeZrRrqmaPAdOZ_3DUM/edit?usp=sharing",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/monthly-core-unit-updates-july-2022/16954",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/permissionless-bridge-deployment-arbitrum-nova/16956",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/parameter-changes-proposal-ppg-omc-001-28-july-2022/16895",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/unified-auctions-ui-release-v1-7-0-july-29th-2022/16903/2",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/makerdao-alm-forecast/16881/2",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/prospective-rwf-0x-july-2022-monthly-report/17003/8",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip77-delegates-in-the-maker-protocol/16905/22",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip78-recognized-delegate-dai-compensation/16906",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip79-recognized-delegate-mkr-compensation/16907",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c2-sp34-creating-rwf0x-from-a-split-of-rwf-001/16967",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs"
                    ],
                    "GPT-summary": null,
                    "GPT-proposal-categories": null,
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.351325757575758
                },
                {
                    "author_link": "https://forum.makerdao.com/u/Artem_Gordon",
                    "index": "#2",
                    "likes": "0",
                    "time": "03/08/2022-15:41:02",
                    "content": " Episode #202: August 4, 2022 | Editorial Summary  Agenda   00:00: Introduction  01:55: Votes and Polls  04:56: MIPs Update  10:30: Weekly Forum Recap  16:31: Discussion: MIPs 77, 78, & 79: Delegate Comp   56:01: Discussion: RWF Split into RWF0x & RWF-001   1:13:07: Conclusion   Video Link  General Updates  Votes  Prose11  1320\u00d7742 58.1 KB   Polls: \u2013 03:05 Executive Votes: \u2013 03:56   MIPs  Gala 05:03 Weekly MIPs Update #98     August\u2019s Formal Submissions \u2013 05:13   Core Unit Budgets \u2013 05:53   Core Unit Offboarding \u2013 06:35   Amendments \u2013 06:53   Proposals in RFC \u2013 07:06   MIPs Sets \u2013 07:12   Core Unit Onboardings \u2013 07:48   Top-Level MIPs \u2013 08:29   Core Unit Offboardings \u2013 08:39   Facilitator Onboardings \u2013 08:55   Amendments \u2013 09:07      August\u2019s Ratification Polls will go up on Monday 8th. New proposals aiming to enter September\u2019s Governance Cycle should be posted by August 10th.   Weekly Forum Recap  Artem_Gordon 10:30 Post: Weekly Forum Recap July 28th - August 3rd, 2022   News & Announcements:  Governance house is becoming part of the Llama! 2022-08-02 Governance Poll Clarification Permissionless Bridge Deployment: Arbitrum Nova    Signal Requests:  Update 6S Vault Parameter to Appropriate Applicable Rate     Discussion  MIPs 77, 78, & 79: Delegate Comp   Prose11  960\u00d7540 13.1 KB     Problems with Current System \u2013 17:12   Key Features \u2013 19:43   Solutions \u2013 22:22   Discussion Topics \u2013 23:58     Q&A 24:41   MakerMan: One of my issues\u2013one, I believe, the DAO will end up having to deal with\u2013is the self-nomination or self-election of Delegates. There is no nomination nor an election process.  Conceptually, if you can self-elect or self-appoint and back yourself with MKR, Maker could end up hosting 50 to 100 delegates with various ranges of MKR\u2013you can decide in the end whether that is good or bad\u2013.  There should be some element of a nomination and election process and a fixed number of seats to encourage real competition versus trying to compete for MKR without much communication.      26:09   CodeKnight: In MIP79, there is a section on retroactive MKR vesting\u2013with which some of the current Delegates will be receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of MKR\u2013that seems like a conflict of interest that would push many people to abstain. What are your thoughts on that?  30:16   Chris: I have not seen any rationale behind the numbers, as far as the 300K cap and the matching amount in MKR. Can anybody chime in regarding how you reached those numbers and how they are justified?  34:44   MakerMan: Continues discussion about compensation.   38:04   teej: Unless I misunderstood the proposal, I do not see what we are losing here: If you are upping the pay, and it brings you a wider pool of parties interested in being Delegates for MakerDAO, then, ultimately, it is up to the now broader range of them to attract MKR to their platforms. Is this not just a more effective and extensive meritocracy?  40:14   Puncar: It is hard for just one person to understand and manage everything. Counting on more resources to increase, for example, the pay, could mean that more people would be able to assist Delegates in their day-to-day tasks and advice them on the subjects where they might be lacking experience or expertise. Incorporating specialized assistance for our Delegates could prove to be an improvement in Governance.  41:56   CodeKnight: One thing to keep in context is that the job is unstable. If you can get an expert to join for 300K a year, but, at any point, an MKR Holder can decide to un-delegate their MKR, that will be a factor for them to consider.  If we could provide stability, that could be a counterbalancing point to compensation. As is, people have to evaluate: if I do this full-time, is it worth the risks?    44:09   JustinCase: This is a question for GovAlpha, regarding raising the maximum cap: Not that long ago, there were maybe three Delegates that decided which way the votes were going. We should be mindful of the dangers of concentrating voting power. Have you considered the effects of the concentration of Delegates?  47:19   Davidutro: We want to attract a higher tier of Delegates, and we are doing that with higher comp. Is there any work on the other side, creating job descriptions for Delegates we want to attract? For example: If we were looking for a legal expert with 20 years of experience in any specialty, can we create a dedicated pay opportunity for that specific job description?  48:55   Juan: Adds thoughts on raising the Delegate cap.   50:31   MakerMan: Adds thoughts on job stability and compensation.    Discussion  RWF Split into RWF0x & RWF-001   Prose11  960\u00d7540 7.64 KB    Forum Post \u2013 MIP41c4-SP39: RWF-0x Core Unit Facilitator Onboarding Forum Post \u2013 MIP40c3-SP78: RWF-0x Budget Proposal through 2022 Forum Post \u2013 MIP39c2-SP34: Creating RWF0x from a Split of RWF-001    Q&A 57:24   MakerMan: At the Delegate meeting, there was no consensus but support. We needed to hear from Will and know where he stood on this.  Maker has a Real World Finance Facilitator, and while there have been some newsworthy activities that the people involved have come forward to discuss, we still do not have a formal word from him, as far as I know. The topic of discussion is when we expect to hear from Will on what happened with this Core Unit to make a decision. Simultaneously, we have asset originators or asset origination on the table because of what happened. I do not know how to address that issue without Will\u2019s report.    59:59   monkey.irish: My main concern is business continuity. We have work that is currently in the pipeline. We have deals underway, and the RWF0x members have been working on them. Will can speak for himself whenever he appears. But for me, it is more about keeping business as usual.  I have a list of items from the RWF0x team that is currently a work in progress. We need to take action in the near term, and I would highly recommend the community to do so to continue to move forward with this work.  Anyone can act as a contractor inside the DAO, and any Core Unit could pay said contractor. CES is willing to hire the RWF0x members\u2013provided a budgeting discussion for the additional compensation\u2013for business continuity and to help us complete this work.     Another concern is that even if we hire a new team, there will still be a transition period. I have never known any team to come in and be productive on day one. We will have a transitionary period for the new team to warm up to the old work.  1:04:32   CodeKnight: Continues discussion on possible solutions to ensure continuity.   1:06:28   JustinCase: Let us address the question: How long are we willing to wait to have both sides of the story?  I do not believe we should go more than a week from this point before we decide on the general direction where we go. We have counterparties; this is not only a strict Protocol issue; this involves many other actors. Furthermore, it also puts our reputation at stake.  One of our key advantages over other DeFi protocols is a rock-solid reputation. We start messing with that; we give it away.      1:07:50   Eric:  I understand no one else has spoken for RWF, so I will. Although, I am not sure what to tell you. Let me lay out the timing:  The three of us have worked under Will since January. We worked well together, but it was not ideal with Will. Nonetheless, we have done good work as a group. A couple of weeks ago, Christian\u2013our attorney and partner\u2013got to a point where he lost confidence in Will and did not want to work with him anymore. He felt like he was being set up to fail; TJ and I concur. The three of us like Maker. We were the ones who have done HVB and SocGen to the 99%. We want to continue. We talked to Will about it, and we discussed how we were not comfortable.  Then, Will posted in the Forum that we were going in different directions without talking to us. We tried to work out an agreement, and we proposed to split and go separate ways. He never responded. Yesterday, he terminated us all in an email.     It is a sequence of events. It is hard to know what to do. However, we know we have done plenty of good work and want to do more innovation and keep going forward. There are more promising RWAs to go.  I am not sure what else to tell you. I understand that you want to talk to Will. There are many questions I think you should ask him. I am not aligned with him, so I can not speak on his behalf. I dread that you have to deal with this headache, but it is what it is.    1:11:06   Juan: One of the things we were saying is that we do not need more RWF, or at least not for now, unless it is for research. Then, yes, potentially, MKR Holders gave Will that mission. It is his Core Unit, his mandate.  His team has the right to try to create another Core Unit, and that is an option open to anyone. Anyone can propose a Core Unit.  With that in mind, I think it is important to respect what Will wants. On the other hand, if someone wants to propose bringing him down with an offboarding, we can do that too. But that is not the current discussion. What he does with his CU belongs to him.     I wanted to shill the SES update tomorrow: We will discuss how Maker should move into project-based budgeting instead of CU-based budgeting, which brings all this drama forward without creating value.   Conclusion  Prose11 1:13:07  960\u00d7540 101 KB  Suggestion Box  Credits   @Sol_Invictus produced this summary. Artem Gordon produced this summary. Everyone who spoke and presented on the call.  ",
                    "links": [
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=115",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=296",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=630",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=991",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3361",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=4387",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=185",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=236",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=303",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-mips-update-98/16940",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=313",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=353",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=395",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=413",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=426",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=432",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=468",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=509",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=519",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=535",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=547",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=630",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/weekly-forum-recap/16247/9",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/governance-house-is-becoming-part-of-the-llama/16902",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/2022-08-02-governance-poll-clarification/16952",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/permissionless-bridge-deployment-arbitrum-nova/16956",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-update-6s-vault-parameter-to-appropriate-applicable-rate/16861",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1006",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1032",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1183",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1342",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1438",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1481",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1569",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip79-recognized-delegate-mkr-compensation/16907",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=1816",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2084",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2284",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2414",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2516",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2649",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2839",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=2935",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3031",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3361",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip41c4-sp39-rwf-0x-core-unit-facilitator-onboarding/16969",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip40c3-sp78-rwf-0x-budget-proposal-through-2022/16968",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c2-sp34-creating-rwf0x-from-a-split-of-rwf-001/16967/12",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3444",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3599",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3872",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=3988",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=4070",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=4266",
                        "https://youtu.be/Zk_tCIV7ItY?t=4387",
                        "https://app.suggestionox.com/r/GovCallQs",
                        "https://forum.makerdao.com/t/govcomms-monthly-update-august-2022/17882"
                    ],
                    "GPT-discussion-categories": null,
                    "Sentiment": 5.696661800731569
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "group_index": "1515"
}